GEORGE: You want me to find a poem about Susan? May she rest in peace?!

WYCK:     Well, we think it would be a nice touch for the Foundation literature. Do you have a favorite poet, George?

GEORGE: I like, uh...<mutters something unintelligible under his breath.>

WYCK: Pardon?

GEORGE: <mutters it again>

WYCK: Well, you should choose the poem since you knew Susan best at the time of her unfortunate <clears his throat>...accident.

<George looks at Wyck suspiciously.>


New scene - George and Jerry at the coffee shop later that day.

JERRY: He cleared his throat?

GEORGE: Yes!

JERRY: So?

GEORGE: He did it right as he said "her unfortunate accident."

JERRY: Not getting it.

GEORGE: Jerry, a throat-clear is a non-verbal implication of doubt - he thinks I killed Susan!

JERRY: Oh, help me, Rhonda.

GEORGE: What time is it?

JERRY (looks at his watch): 1:15.

GEORGE: Right now?

JERRY: I gotta go meet Pam.

GEORGE: Oh, the bookstore girl. How's that goin'?

JERRY: Okay. I'm just not ga-ga over her. For once I'd like to be ga-ga.

GEORGE: Where's Elaine?

JERRY: She's having Carol, Gail and Lisa over. You know they all have kids now?

GEORGE: What's with all these people having babies?

JERRY: Perpetuation of the species.

GEORGE: Yeah! Right!

JERRY: By the way, just for the record -

GEORGE: No, I did not! <They exit the coffee shop.>


Commercial break.

New scene - Elaine at her apartment with Carol, Gail and Lisa.

CAROL: ...but because it comes out of your baby, it smells good!

ELAINE: Well, that's...that's sweet.

GAIL: Being a mother has made me feel so beautiful.

CAROL: Elaine, you gotta have a baby!

ELAINE: Oh, hey, you know...I had a piece of whitefish over at Barney Greengrass the other day...

LISA: Elaine. Move to Long Island and have a baby already.

ELAINE: I really like the city.

CAROL: The city's a toilet. When's the last time you saw my little Adam?

ELAINE: Uh, it was in the Hamptons.

CAROL: Oh! I have pictures!

ELAINE: No, no, that's okay, it's uh...

CAROL (shows Elaine and the girls pictures of Adam): Look at him! Just look at him!

<Elaine is revolted by the sight of "breathtaking" little Adam.>


New scene - Jerry and George walking down the street after leaving Monk's.

JERRY: So, Elaine was telling me about this piece of whitefish she had the other day...

GEORGE: Do you really think I'm wrong about this Wyck guy?

JERRY: You know, if you really want to test him out, why don't you try the old Jerry Lewis trick?

GEORGE: Jerry Lewis?

JERRY: I heard that when Jerry Lewis left a meeting, he'd purposefully leave a briefcase with a tape recorder in it. Then after five minutes, he'd come back for it and listen to what everyone said about him.

GEORGE: That's pretty paranoid.

JERRY: Yes, it is.

GEORGE: I like it!

JERRY: I thought you might.


New scene - Kramer in Jerry's apartment. Pam enters.

PAM: Oh, hi! I'm Pam. You must be Kramer. <Kramer is smitten with Pam and grins goofily.> Jerry's told me a lot about you. <Kramer continues grinning.> Well, I'm supposed to meet Jerry, it's my day off. I work in a bookstore.

KRAMER (mouths the words): Books. <Knocks over a bowl of fruit on the counter.>

PAM: Oh, careful! <Jerry enters.>

JERRY: Hi, sorry I'm late.

PAM: That's okay. Kramer let me in.

JERRY: You know, if we rush, we can still make the movie.

PAM: Okay. <Touches Kramer's hand> It was really nice meeting you.

<Jerry and Pam leave. Kramer sniffs his hand where Pam touched him, and makes a delighted noise.>


New scene - Kramer and Newman in Newman's apartment.

KRAMER: I'm in trouble, buddy. I just met a woman.

NEWMAN: Go on.

KRAMER: Well, she's Jerry's girlfriend.

NEWMAN: Ah, yes. Forbidden love.

KRAMER: She works in a book shop. Her name is Pam.

NEWMAN: "Pam." I don't know the woman, but she sounds quite fetching.

KRAMER: I can't even speak in front of her. <Sits down on the couch.>

NEWMAN: Jerry! What could she possibly see in Jerry? <Walks in front of Kramer and trips over his feet.>

KRAMER: She has delicate beauty.

NEWMAN: Jerry wouldn't know delicate beauty if it bludgeoned him over the head.

KRAMER: And yet, he's my friend.

NEWMAN: And therein lies the tragedy. For I believe, sadly for you, that there is but one woman meant for each of us. One perfect angel for whom we are put on this earth.

KRAMER: Aw, that's beautiful, Newman.

NEWMAN: One winsome tulip we ceaselessly yearn for throughout our dreary, workaday lives! And you, my friend, have found your angel. I can tell. For my heart has also been captured by a breathless beauty - whom I fear I will never possess.

KRAMER: I thought we were talking about me.

NEWMAN: Right. Kramer, you have to confront Jerry.

KRAMER: Confront Jerry? I can't.

NEWMAN: You must!

KRAMER: I won't!

NEWMAN: You will!


New scene - Jerry, Elaine and George at a newsstand.

ELAINE (to Jerry, imitating Carol): "Elaine, ya gotta have a baby." Ugh.

GEORGE: Where are all the poetry magazines?

ELAINE: The New Yorker has poetry.

GEORGE: Yes. The New Yorker.

JERRY: Why do you invite these women over if they annoy you so much?

ELAINE: They're my friends, but they act as if having a baby takes some kind of talent.

JERRY: C'mon, you want to have a baby.

ELAINE: Why? Because I can?

JERRY: It's the life force. I saw a show on the mollusk last night. Elaine, the mollusk travels from Alaska to Chile just for a shot at another mollusk. You think you're any better?

ELAINE: Yes! I think I am better than the mollusk!

KEVIN: I couldn't help overhearing what you were saying.

ELAINE: Oh, I'm sorry.

KEVIN: No, no, I think I agree with you. I mean, all this talk about having babies.

ELAINE: Yeah, like you must procreate.

KEVIN: Besides, anyone can do it.

ELAINE: Oh, it's been done to death. <smiles>


New scene - George in another meeting at the Foundation. He has a briefcase with a tape recorder in it.

GEORGE: I, uh, should have a poem very soon now.

WYCK: Are you okay, George?

GEORGE: No, no, not really. Ever since Susan passed on, I have good days and bad. <Turns the briefcase towards the woman on his left.> Some days, I'm haunted by one word - why. Why Susan? Why wasn't it me licking those invitations? Why am I still here? Well, I gotta run. <Gets up and leaves the meeting.>

<George is shown standing on the street while the tape rolls inside the briefcase.>

Cut back to the Foundation meeting.

WYCK: ...and the stock options for this year look quite, uh... <George returns and retrieves the briefcase.>

GEORGE (apologetic): Briefcase. <Shrugs and exits.>


New scene - Elaine and Kevin at the coffee shop.

ELAINE: So, Kevin. If I don't want children, does that make me a bad humanitarian?

KEVIN: Not at all.

ELAINE: 'Cause, I mean, when you get to know me, you'll see that I'm a pretty good humanitarian. <Waitress comes to the table and pours more coffee.> You are doing a wonderful job, by the way. Thanks a lot. <To Kevin> Right? Am I right? <Kramer walks by.> Kramer. Kramer! Come here, look at my new friend Kevin. <Kramer and Kevin shake hands.> Oh, you got a little, uh...

KRAMER (wipes chocolate off his face): Oh, I just had two double-fudge sundaes.

ELAINE: Oh. Are you alright?

KRAMER: Yeah, I'll be okay.

ELAINE: You know, Jerry has one of those every time he bombs on stage.

KRAMER: Well, I'm sure he'll be sharing his next one with Pam.

ELAINE: Oh, no...that won't last.

KRAMER: What do you mean?

ELAINE: He's not ga-ga.

<Kramer suddenly looks elated and runs out.>


New scene - George shows up at Jerry's apartment later that night with the briefcase.

GEORGE: Lemme tell you something, that Jerry Lewis? You wonder how some of these people get to the top? It's ideas like this! Brilliant! Hah-hah! <Notices that the briefcase is damaged.> Look at this - what the hell happened? The whole side is damaged here...and the lock is broken.

JERRY: How long did you leave it up there?

GEORGE: Five minutes. What the hell happened here?

JERRY: Play the tape, maybe we'll get a clue.

GEORGE: I have to rewind it first. <George presses the rewind button on the tape recorder. He and Jerry stand there, waiting impatiently as it rewinds.> Alright, alright.

<George plays back the tape. We hear a voice ask, "Did anyone notice George's fingernails?" Then a female voice answering, "Oh my, yes. They looked like they were eaten away by weavels." The male voice remarks, "It's warm in here. Open a window." Then, "Hey! What are you doing?" The female voice exclaims, "Dear God." There's a clunking sound on the tape, and the recording ends.>

JERRY: Is that it?

GEORGE: Stopped dead.

JERRY: What do you make of it?

GEORGE: I don't know. <George sits down at the table. Kramer enters.>

KRAMER: Jerry. Uh, can we talk?

GEORGE (to Kramer): Kinda busy here.

KRAMER: I'd like to talk to Jerry in private.

GEORGE: Why can't I stay?

KRAMER: Because it doesn't concern you.

GEORGE: Well, if it doesn't concern me, then I can stay. <Kramer grabs the back of George's chair, drags him out into the hallway and closes the door.>

JERRY: So, what's on your mind?

KRAMER: It's Pam.

JERRY: Pam? What about Pam?

KRAMER: I love her, Jerry!

JERRY: You what?

KRAMER: I love her!

JERRY: Is that right?

KRAMER: Oh, she's uh...she's real. She can bring home the bacon and fry it in the pan.

JERRY: What does that mean?

KRAMER: Oh, and that voice!

JERRY: What about her name?

KRAMER: Pam? Oh, it's a beautiful name. <Kramer sits on the couch.> Pam. Pam. Pam!

JERRY: She's got really nice hair.

KRAMER: Oh, it's incredible. Although, I might replace her tortoise clip with one of those velvet scrunchies. I love those.

JERRY: You've got really specific tastes.

KRAMER: Oh, I know what I want, Jerry.

JERRY: She's got nice calves.

KRAMER: Oh, she's a dreamboat. But, you don't like her, so...

JERRY: Maybe I could, you're making some pretty good points.

KRAMER: No you can't, Jerry.

JERRY: But I might.

KRAMER: Oh, no you don't.

JERRY: Why not? The voice? The calves? The bacon?

KRAMER: What...?

JERRY: I think I can! I even like the name! Pam!

KRAMER (frantic): Huh?

JERRY: Pam!

KRAMER: Huh?

JERRY: Pam!

KRAMER: Huh-yah! <Kramer loses it and runs out past George, who is still sitting in the hallway on a chair.>


Commercial break.

New scene - Kramer and Newman in Newman's apartment.

KRAMER: So now he wants her more than ever!

NEWMAN: Blast!

KRAMER: What am I gonna do, huh?

NEWMAN: Don't despair, my friend. <Newman walks in front of Kramer and trips over his feet. Again.> I won't allow your love to go unrequited. Not like mine.

KRAMER: What, again with you?

NEWMAN: Sorry. But love is spice with many tastes. A dizzying array of textures...and moments.

KRAMER: If only I could say things like that around her.

NEWMAN (getting an idea): Yes...


New scene - Elaine and George at the coffee shop listening to the briefcase tape.

ELAINE: Well, I hear three distinct sounds. A low rumple...followed by a metallic 'squink'...

GEORGE: Yes! Yes, I heard the 'squink'!

ELAINE: ...followed by a mysterious...'glonk.'

GEORGE: It's baffling, isn't it?

ELAINE: Well, one question does come to mind. Have you considered just...asking them what happened to the briefcase?

GEORGE: They would never tell me, Elaine. First of all, they probably think that I killed Susan. Besides, I don't even think they like me. <Jerry comes over to the table.>

JERRY: That Pam! I am ga-ga over her!

ELAINE: Ga-ga? When did that happen?

JERRY: Yesterday. Six-ish.

ELAINE: Well, maybe we should double. I'm pretty ga-ga myself.

JERRY: You just met the guy yesterday.

ELAINE: Yeah, but we have a common goal.

JERRY: A barren, sterile existence that ends when you die?

ELAINE (happily): Yeah.

GEORGE: And you really believe this guy doesn't want to have kids.

ELAINE: Yeah, of course.

JERRY: Elaine, a guy'll say anything to get a woman.

ELAINE: Oh, please. He wouldn't say that.

GEORGE: Elaine, I once told a woman that I coined the phrase, "Pardon my French."

JERRY: I once told a woman that I don't eat cake 'cause it goes right to my thighs.

GEORGE: I once told a woman that I really enjoy spending time with my family.


New scene - Kramer and Newman in an aisle at the bookstore where Pam works.

NEWMAN: With your looks and my words, we'll have built the perfect beast. <Kramer claps him on the shoulder, then goes to the other side of the aisle to talk to Pam.>

PAM: Oh, hi! Kramer.

NEWMAN (whispers through the bookcase): Hi. How are you?

KRAMER: Hi. How are you?

PAM: I'm great.

NEWMAN: I too am well.

KRAMER: I too am well.

NEWMAN: Do I smell Pantene?

KRAMER: Do I smell?

NEWMAN: Pantene!

KRAMER: Uh, Pantene.

PAM: Oh, my shampoo. Yeah, it is Pantene, I got a free sample in with my junk mail.

KRAMER (talks rapidly in an attempt to keep up with Newman): Well, there really is no junk-mail...well, everybody wants to get a check or a birthday card, but...

NEWMAN (frantic): ...it takes just as much man-power to deliver it as their precious little greeting cards...

KRAMER: Newman! <Elbows him through the books. Newman falls over.>

PAM: What?

KRAMER: Uh, human. It's...human to be moved by a fragrance.

PAM: That's so true.

KRAMER: Her bouquet cleaved his hardened...

NEWMAN: Shell.

KRAMER: ...shell. And fondled his muscled heart. He embibed her glistening spell...just before the other shoe...fell.

PAM: Kramer, that is so lovely.

KRAMER: It's by an unknown 20th-century poet.

PAM: Oh, what's his name?

KRAMER: Newman. <On the other side of the bookcase, Newman preens proudly.>


New scene - Elaine and Kevin in Elaine's apartment.

KEVIN: Elaine, you've changed my life.

ELAINE: Oh, Kevin...you can go on and on about how you don't want kids...and it sounds, it sounds really nice, but...the truth is, I don't know if you mean it or not.

KEVIN: I got a vasectomy this morning.

ELAINE: Although, I have a hunch you mean it.


New scene - Jerry talking with Pam at the bookstore.

JERRY: I just came by to tell you - I'm really, really happy about this relationship. Really happy.

PAM: Oh. Well, that's um...<clears her throat>...nice. <Jerry looks suspicious. Pam turns around and Jerry notices her tortoise clip has been replaced with a velvet scrunchie.>

JERRY's brain: A velvet scrunchie!

JERRY: Kramer!


New scene - Jerry approaching his apartment door. He meets Newman coming out of Kramer's place.

   
JERRY: Hello, Newman.

NEWMAN: Hello, Jerry. How's Pam?

JERRY: Pam? What do you care? <Newman shrugs. Jerry notices he's carrying a Brentano's bookstore bag.>

NEWMAN: Well, ta-ta! <Scampers away.>

JERRY: Wait a minute! <A manic chase scene ensues, with Jerry chasing Newman from one end of the building to the other. Jerry finally catches up with him in the hallway on another floor.>

JERRY: Alright, Newman! This is it! <Shoves him against the wall.>

NEWMAN (sweating): Easy, Jerry. Steady. You wouldn't want to lose your cool at a time like this.

JERRY: Why not?

NEWMAN: Because right now, I'm the only chance you've got. <Newman giggles nervously. Jerry makes Newman flinch, and his giggling is choked off.>

JERRY (rolls his eyes): C'mon. <They exit.>


New scene - Jerry and Newman in Newman's apartment.

JERRY: I can't believe I'm losing Pam!

NEWMAN: I know how you feel. For I, too, have a woman for whom I pine.

JERRY: I thought we were talking about me.

NEWMAN: Right.

JERRY: Anyway, I don't need your help. <Turns to leave.>

NEWMAN: Oh, don't you? Joke boy? You really think you can manipulate that beautiful young woman like the half-soused nightclub rabble that lap up your inane "observations"?

JERRY: Alright, Newman. What do I have to do to get you to stop pulling the strings for Kramer?

NEWMAN: Well, there is a little something you can do for me...

JERRY: C'mon, out with it.

NEWMAN: It's about...Elaine.

JERRY: Elaine? What does she have to - <notices Newman looking up at him longlingly.> Oh no...

NEWMAN: You dated her. Give me some inside information. Anything I can use!

JERRY (shrugs): Well, I know she doesn't want to have kids. <Newman considers the implications of this.>


Cut back to Elaine and Kevin at Elaine's apartment.

KEVIN: I thought you'd be a little more enthusiastic about it.

ELAINE: I know, I don't want...<clears her throat>...kids.

KEVIN: What was that?

ELAINE: Well, Kevin, maybe I have a little doubt. I mean, nothing is a hundred percent.

KEVIN: This is! Oh boy, I always do this.

ELAINE: What?

KEVIN: Oh, I get all jazzed up about something and I go way to far with it.

ELAINE: Really?

KEVIN: Oh, yeah. Like last summer. I'm watchin' TV and I saw one of those jet-skis. $4000 later and it's sitting in my garage.

ELAINE: You know, that's weird, actually, 'cause I'm sort of the same way. I mean once for like, no reason, I flattened my hair and I had all these strands hanging in my face all the time...

KEVIN: Sometimes I think I do want kids. Maybe a lot of kids!

ELAINE: Sometimes I think about wearing my hair real short.

KEVIN: Yeah! I think I like short hair. Really short.

ELAINE: Yeah!

KEVIN: Yeah!


New scene - Jerry and George in Jerry's kitchen. George has brought over a model of the conference room at the Foundation.

GEORGE: This is a crude mock-up of the conference room. 1/14th scale.

JERRY: When did you build this thing?

GEORGE: Yesterday, took the day off. <Picks up a red Power Ranger action figure from the model and pretends it's him.> Now, from the time I left the room...

JERRY (points at the Power Ranger): Wait, that's you?

GEORGE: Yeah.

JERRY (picks up a yellow M&M toy from the model): I really think the M&M should be you.

GEORGE (grabs the M&M away from Jerry): Alright, whatever! Now. Whatever caused the damage...<drops a tiny briefcase onto the table in the model>...was jarring enough to completely stop the tape.

JERRY: And?

GEORGE: Okay. That's what we know.

JERRY: But we already knew that.

GEORGE: Well, yeah.

JERRY: Just give me some idea of what you think it could be.

GEORGE: I don't know if you're ready for it.

JERRY: Please.

GEORGE: I believe that I am about to become the target of a systematic process of intimidation and manipulation, the likes of which you have never -

JERRY: Hold it, hold it! You're right, I'm not ready for this. <The door buzzer sounds, Jerry answers it.> Yeah?

VOICE ON SPEAKER: It's Pam.

JERRY: C'mon up. <To George> Alright, it's Pam, you gotta get goin.'

GEORGE: I'm not through here, Jerry. <Picks up the model of the conference room.> I'm gonna keep on investigating. This thing is like an onion. The more layers you peel, the more it stinks. <Pam enters, George leaves.>

PAM: What was that?

JERRY: We were just playin.'

PAM: Listen, I had a long talk with Kramer today...

JERRY: Uh huh...

PAM: Well, the thing is, I uh...I think I have a little crush on him. <Kramer slides in the door on his knees.>

KRAMER: I'm so happy! My world suddenly has meaning!

JERRY (to Pam): This is the man you have a crush on?

PAM: Well, I have feelings for both of you.

KRAMER: How can you have feelings for him? We're soul mates.

JERRY: Why can't I be a soul mate?

KRAMER: Jerry, you really think that Pam would want you to be the father of her children?

PAM: Children? Who said anything about children? I don't want to have children.

<Jerry and Kramer look at each other, puzzled.>


New scene - George back at the conference room at the Foundation.

GEORGE: There are some people in this room who would have been very happy to never see this briefcase again. There are people in this room who think they can destroy other people's property and get away with it. Well, let me tell you something about those people. They weren't counting on this brain! And this tape recorder.

WYCK: George...

GEORGE: You'll have your turn! The truth must be heard. <Plays back the tape.> That's all there was. And yet, it speaks volumes. A low rumple. A metallic 'squink.' A 'glonk.' Someone crying out..."Dear God!" Let's start with, uh...with you, Wyck.

WYCK: George, Quinn here was moving a chair...he lost his balance and dropped it...it must have fallen on your briefcase, which, for some reason, contained a running tape recorder?

GEORGE: Alright, then. We've gotten to the bottom of that.


New scene - Jerry and Newman in the office of Bernard Wendroff, M.D. - urologist. Elaine and Kevin enter. Elaine has cut her hair short.

ELAINE: What are you guys doing here?

JERRY: We're getting vasectomies.

ELAINE: Why?

NEWMAN (to Elaine): I'm doing it for you.

ELAINE: What?

JERRY (to Elaine): What'd you do to your hair?

ELAINE: I cut it.

JERRY: It's a little short.

KEVIN: Y'think?

JERRY (to Kevin): What are you doing here?

ELAINE: Kevin's having his vasectomy reversed.

JERRY and NEWMAN: Reversed?! <Kramer comes hobbling out of the doctors office in pain, after having a vasectomy of his own, and exits. Jerry and Newman look at each other, and bolt for the door themselves.>


Commercial break.

New scene - George reading the poem for Susan at the Foundation.

GEORGE: ...he embibed her glistening spell...just before the other shoe...fell.

WYCK: Is that a Keats poem?

GEORGE: No, it's a Newman. Well, I gotta run. <Smiles, pats his briefcase and exits.>

WYCK: Does anyone think George might have murdered Susan?

MR. CROSS: Oh, yeah. I just assumed he murdered her.

MS. BAINES: Of course he killed her.

WYCK: So it's not just me, then. Alright! Back to business.

You have a close friend and they get involved, with someone in a relationship. It affects your friendship doesn't it? Because it's like you were a comedy team, and now there's this third person, you know, it kind of throws off the timing. Who's on first, I don't know, uh dear, who, who do you think is on first?

In fact, whenever a friend of mine ah, starts with a new girlfriend, we should just say, “I look like the person you use to know, but I've been modified to survive in this relationship. In other words, if were having an argument and she's there, I may say I totally disagree with you, but what that really means is, I’d like to help you out, but I’d rather continue to see her naked.”



Commercial


Opening scene.
Exterior daylight shot of Monk's restaurant -- then inside where Jerry and George are sitting in the usual booth. A waitress (Kelly) walks up to the table to take their order.

Waitress: O.K. Cowboys, (taps pencil on her pad) What'll you have?

Jerry: I’ll have the, ah, turkey club without the bacon.

George: Ah, I’ll have the bacon club without the turkey. (raises eyebrows)

Waitress: George, don't make me get tough with you.

George: Why, you think you can, beat me up?

Waitress: You wouldn't want me to mess up the beautiful face of yours.

George: Huh, nggh [snort] Stop. (flirting with her he playfully hits her arm with the menu, then flicks it into the air)

Waitress: You don't want bacon I’ll surprise you. (she turns and walks away)

George: Wow, is she not terrific?

Jerry: She does have a way.

George: You think she thinks I have a beautiful face, or is she just saying that?

Jerry: Well they do work on tips.

George: “George, don't make me get tough with you.” Whu, hu, hu, hu huuuu (raises arms) Who says that? She is really cool. What do you think? You think she likes me?

Jerry: Ah, I should have got the egg white omelet.

George: Why should she like me? Who am I? Huh, there's a million people to like.

Jerry: The omelet. Damn.

George: Maybe she could like me? Is it that far fetched? Maybe she sees something? Is it possible?

Jerry: No.

George: No.

Jerry: Not possible.

George: Not possible.

(Elaine enters and walks up to the table)

Elaine: Heyyyyyy (leaning in, very friendly and happy)

George: Hey Elaine.

Jerry: Lannie, how was the trip?

(Elaine sits down next to George in the booth)

George: What trip? You were gone?

Elaine: I went to England ... with Mr. Pitt, for 5 days.

George: Hunh, pph (raises hands slightly, in amazement) How was it?

Elaine: Actually it was great. I met an Englishman, and we really, hit it off.

Jerry: Yeah, well that relationships really got a lot of potential.

George: he he (laughs)

Elaine: Yeah well Jerome, I, happen to be flying him in on my frequent flyer miles.

George: Flying him in? How long’s he staying for?

Elaine: It's an open ended ticket. He can return any time he wants.

George: All this in only 5 days.

Jerry: Oh no, it's Kenny Bania.

(Kenny Bania is hanging up his coat on the coat rack by the front door)

George: Who's he?

Jerry: (quietly) Oh, he's this awful comedian.

(Bania walks over to the table, stands there with his arms on his hips)

Bania: Hey Jerry.

Jerry: Hey Kenny. (with some fake enthusiasm, just to be polite)

Jerry: Elaine, George (introducing them to Bania with less enthusiasm)

Elaine: Hi. (she flips her hair)

George: Hi (raises his left hand in a slight gesture to say hi)

Bania: Hi. (to Elaine)

Jerry: How's it going?

Bania: Great. I've been working out. Went from a size 40, to a 42.

Jerry: No kidding.

Bania: Yeah, I’m huge (ducks his head into his right shoulder with false modesty) Well, I’ll leave you guys alone. (raps his knuckle twice on the table, turns and walks away)

Jerry: All right.

Elaine: O.K. Thanks.

(Bania gets about 3-4 steps away then turns around quickly)

Bania: Oh. Jerry, You know what just hit me? I was thinking -- What size suit are you?

Jerry: Ahh, I’m a 40. Why?

Bania: I just got a brand new Armani suit -- doesn't fit me anymore. You want it?

Jerry: Well I don't know if I ...

Bania: Oh come on. Why should it just sit in the closet?

Elaine: An Armani suit?

George: Take the suit.

Jerry: Well ... ok, I guess (voice trailing off)

Bania: You gonna be home later?

Jerry: Yeah.

Bania: I’ll drop it off. (raps his knuckle twice on the table again, turns and walks away)

George: Heh heh heh hey, new suit (raises coffee cup as a salute / toast)

Jerry: Yeah, yeah, lucky me. (sips coffee)

(The waitress walks up to the table with Jerry and George's plates)

Waitress: (to George) Here I personally made you a cold chicken sandwich. It's not even on the menu.

George: (takes a large bite - with his mouth still full, his speech is muffled) Oh, this is fabulous.

(The waitress cocks her head and looks at George as if she is glad he likes the sandwich)



New scene.
Exterior of the restaurant, then to Jerry and George standing outside on the sidewalk. Jerry is zipping up his leather jacket. George is wearing a larger green jacket.

George: Boy, she is nice. I like her, I like her Jerry. She's got substance. She oozes substance.

Jerry: Well, go in there and talk to her. She's not going to put them on glass.

George: You mean walk back in? That's the toughest move in the business. You're sending me out to no-man’s-land, and if I get shot down I have to crawl all the way back. Well I can't do it! I can't do it, I tell ya!

(Jerry grabs George forcefully by the collar of his coat)

Jerry: Pull yourself together. Your going in there soldier! That's an order!

(Jerry lightly slaps George on his right arm. George turns to look at the restaurant and the task at hand)

Jerry: Get in there. (he pushes George in the direction of the restaurant)



New scene.
Exterior daylight shot of Jerry's brick apt. building, then to the interior of his apt. Kramer enters quickly, sliding on his right foot.

Kramer: Hey. (walking over to Jerry, who sits at the table reading the newspaper)

Jerry: Hey.

Kramer: Listen, I need you to do me a favor.

Jerry: What?

Kramer: Well, I need you to help me move my refrigerator.

Jerry: Why?

Kramer: Cause I’m getting rid of it.

[Intercom buzzes]

(Kramer turns & goes over to the intercom to push the speaker button. He says something like “ya go,” but it's difficult to make out what he says)

Jerry: YEAH? (speaking loudly so the visitor can hear him through the intercom)

Bania: [It's K.B., I have the suit]

Jerry: ALL RIGHT, COME ON UP (Jerry puts his head down - he's not looking forward to Kenny Bania)

Kramer: (claps hands) So ...

Jerry: Well, well, why are you getting rid of your refrigerator? (he gets up from the table and carries a dish into the kitchen)

Kramer: Well after that Kidney Stone I only want fresh food. It's gotta be fresh. I’m not eating any more stored food. Plus you know I want the space.

Jerry: Well, what for?

Kramer: Well I could put a, dresser in there. I could get dressed while I’m making breakfast.

(Bania opens the door and leans his head in)

Bania: Hey (holds the Armani suit up) Here you go. (walks into the apt.)

Jerry: Yeah.

Bania: You didn’t think I was really going to give you a suit, did you?

Kramer: What, you're giving him this suit?

Bania: That's right, and it's an Armani.

Kramer: Armani? Hey, Armani Jerry. (Kramer takes the suit and looks it over)

Jerry: Yes, yes, I heard.

Kramer: Come on, try it on.

(Kramer takes the jacket off of the hangar and put the pans, still on the hanger, on the kitchen counter -- he opens the jacket for Jerry to slip in to)

Jerry: No, it's ok.

Kramer: Come on, I want to see how it fits.

Jerry: All right, all right. (trying on the suit jacket)

Kramer: There you go.

Jerry: Ok, Yeah all right.

Kramer: Oh boy, that looks great. I can't believe you're giving him this.

Bania: I don't even want anything for it.

(grinning like a Hyena, Bania looks at Jerry -- Jerry's _expression looks like “what have I gotten myself into here.”)

Kramer: He's very generous, isn't he?

Jerry: Yes, yes, he is.

Bania: I’ll tell you what -- you can take me out to dinner sometime.

(Jerry starts taking the jacket off and stops -- looking very surprised at Bania)

Jerry: Dinner?

Bania: Yeah. You buy me a meal -- you can't get a better deal than that (pats Jerry on the shoulder)

Kramer: No, you'll never get a better deal than that.

Bania: All right. I’ll leave you alone. (turns and walks out the door)

Jerry: Yeah, I’ll see you.

Kramer: All right, ooh look at that Armani, huh, yeah.

(Jerry has the jacket off and walks over to the table -- he tosses the it onto the table)

Jerry: Yeah, that's a deal. That's a horrible deal. I don't want to go out to dinner with him. I’d rather make my own suit.

(Kramer rubs his fingers through his high standing hair as George enters the apt.)

George: I did it! It's all done!

Jerry: Hey. (raises hands into “fists of encouragement”)

George: I did it. Hunh, we're going out as soon as she gets off of work and it'll still be daytime. You know I, I’m much better in the daytime then I am at night. it's less pressure.

Jerry: I love the day date. No wine, No shower.

George: Yeah.



New scene.
A daylight shot of a yellow taxi driving down the street, then inside to the back seat of the taxi -- Simon, the Englishman that Elaine met on her trip is riding with her.

Elaine: So the trip was good?

Simon: Yes (nice English accent) Apart from that, dreadful airline food. It tends to reek havoc with my stomach.

Elaine: You know I, I have to say, I've never admitted this to anyone, but um, I kind of like airline food. (leans in and laughs, flirting with him)

Simon: That's probably because of ... [muttering]

Elaine: What?

Simon: What?

Elaine: Yeah, what?

Simon: [sighs]

Elaine: What?

Simon: Where I come from, we don't say “What?” It's proper to say “Pardon?”

Elaine: Huh. [muttering -- sounds like “this should be interesting”]

Simon: Pardon?

Elaine: Nothing.



New scene.
Beautiful aerial shot of Central Park and part of the city (visible off to the left) -- looks to be a beautiful autumn day. Then to the waitress (Kelly) and George strolling along a path in the park. Each has a coat on and their hands are in their pockets.

Kelly: So then about a year ago I started selling, these funky little hair clips. It's going pretty good. I make them in my apartment.

(a horse with rider walks by)

Kelly: I’m just doing this waitress thing for a while, because I wanted to go to Europe this summer and I could use a few extra ... Careful (she points to the ground, so George will see the fresh horse manure and avoid stepping in it)

George: Oh. It's just horse manure (huh huh - laughs, he points back at the horse that walked by) Horse manure's not that bad. I don't even mind the word “manure.” You know, it's, it's “nure,” which is good. and a “ma” in front of it. MA-NURE. When you consider the other choices, “manure” is actually pretty refreshing.

(George glances at his watch)

Kelly: That's a nice watch George.

George: Yeah.

Kelly: You know, my boyfriend has the same one.

George: Huh. Really?

Kelly: Yeah, he loves watches. He's a real watch freak.

George: Well, how about that?

Kelly: Ooh look out. (pointing at the ground - squishing sound) You stepped right in it.

George: Yes, I sure did.




New scene.
Exterior of Jerry's brick apartment building with the staircase - then inside where George and Jerry are talking.

Jerry: So you just pretended it didn’t bother you?

George: What is that, Boyfriend? I don't understand that. What, what does she think I asked her out for?

Jerry: Boy, It's the way they just slip that in there too.

George: Yeah, like it's just part of the conversation. “Oh my boyfriend really likes watches. He's a real watch freak.” Well that's fabulous. (snaps fingers in the air a couple of times)

Jerry: Well let me ask you this. What exactly did you say when you asked her out?

George: I said, “would you like to go for a walk or something.”

Jerry: Oh, a walk, well --

George: Or something. I said, “Or Something!”

Jerry: Or something. Yeah, that's a date.

George: (snaps fingers) There you go.

Jerry: You know there is always the possibility, that she called an audible.

George: What do you mean?

Jerry: Well she got up to the line of scrimmage, didn’t like the looks of the defense and changed the play.

George: I think things were going ok. We were having a nice conversation.

Jerry: Uh huh.

George: I mentioned how I liked horse manure.

Jerry: You did?

George: Yeah.

Jerry: Yeah. You said you liked horse manure.

George: Yeah. You know, about how when you break it down, it's really a very positive thing. you know, you have a “nure,” with a “ma” in front of it. MA-NURE. It's not bad.

Jerry: And it was around this point that she mentioned the boyfriend?

George: Yeah. (Jerry nodding) ... Oh, you think because of what I said about the manure. I wa, wa, was just saying how it takes a negative thing, and puts it on a positive spin on it.

Jerry: I’m just saying there's a chance she may not have been enamored with your thoughts and feelings on manure.

George: So you don't think she really has a boyfriend?

Jerry: My honest opinion, I think she made it up.

George: Well then she's just a Liar, Isn't she?

(Kramer enters)

Kramer: Hey.

Jerry: Well ... you want something to eat, don't you?

Kramer: Ahh, no, no, no. You got me all wrong buddy. I am loving this no refrigerator. You know what I discovered? I really like depriving myself of things. It's fun. Very monastic.

George: Well what do you eat?

Kramer: It's all fresh. Fresh fish, fresh foul, fresh fruit. I buy it, I omniga nominga, I eat it.

Jerry: Well I’m glad it's working out.

Kramer: Oh yeah, it's working out. And I got a date with that waitress that works at Reggie’s.

Jerry: Boy, if i could meet a hostess, we could open up our own place.

Kramer: Yeah, well, I’ll tell you, she's a full-figured gal.

Jerry: Is she?

Kramer: Oh you better believe it buddy. Hey George, we could double sometime.

George: Yeah, yeah, yeah we could. You know, ah, Kramer, the next time you talk to her, find out if she knows Kelly, from Monk's. I wanna know if she really has a boyfriend.

Kramer: All right it's done.

(George and Kramer go over by the computer. George is writing something on a piece of paper)

[ Telephone rings - Jerry picks up the phone ]

Jerry: Hello?

Bania: Hi, Jerry. It's Kenny.

Jerry: Oh, Hi.

Bania: You know, I was thinking if you're not busy, maybe I could get my meal today?

(Jerry pauses and thinks for a few seconds)

Jerry: Yeah, you wanna get that meal, don't you?

Bania: How about Mendy’s, ooh, ever been there?

Jerry: No I haven't?

Bania: Ah you'll love it. I’ll meet you there around 7:00.

Jerry: All right. (hangs up the phone) Yeah, I really needed that suit.



New scene.
Exterior of Mendy’s Restaurant at dusk - then inside where Bania is sitting across the table from Jerry.

Bania: I start out with curls. That's good for the bicep. (motions with 2 fingers along his right bicep) I do 10 reps, 2 sets.

Jerry: That's fantastic. (he could care less)

Bania: You work out with weights?

Jerry: No I don't.

Bania: You should.

Jerry: Why?

(Bania’s broad smile of enthusiasm turns into a dumb founded look ...)

Bania: You worn the suit yet?

Jerry: No, not yet.

Waiter: have you decided?

Bania: Oh, get the swordfish. Best swordfish in the city. The best, Jerry.

Jerry: I’ll have the salmon.

Waiter: And you?

Bania: Ahh, you know what I think. I’m just going to have soup. Yeah, I’ll save the meal for another time.

Jerry: Another time? What other time?

Bania: I had a hot dog earlier. I’m not that hungry.

Jerry: No, no, Bania, no. This is the dinner. The soup counts.

Bania: Soup's not a meal. You're supposed to buy me a meal.

Jerry: I’m not stopping you from eating. Go ahead and eat. Get anything you want.

Bania: I don't want anything but soup.

Jerry: Then that's the meal.

Bania: But I had the hot dog.

Jerry: I didn’t tell you to have a hot dog. Who told you to have a hot dog?

Bania: Hey, I give you a brand-new Armani suit, and you won't even buy me a meal?

Jerry: All right, fine. Get the soup!



New scene.
The camera fades from the previous scene into the next scene. It's the next day, outside in front of an apartment building. Elaine sits on the front stoop while Jerry leans against the railing as they talk.

Jerry: So he just gets soup. He wants to save the meal. So now I got to do it all over again.

Elaine: What kind of soup did he get?

Jerry: I don't know? Consomm or something.

Elaine: Consomm, hmm.

Jerry: What?

Elaine: Well, that's not really a meal Jerry. I mean if he had gotten Chicken Gumbo, or Matzah Ball, or Mushroom Barley. Then I would agree with you. Those are very hardy soups.

Jerry: Elaine you're missing the whole point.

Elaine: What?

Jerry: The meal is the act of sitting down with him. It doesn't matter what you get, as long as he's sitting in that restaurant, its a meal.

Elaine: Was it a cup or a bowl?

Jerry: You see -- ah, uh ...

Elaine: I’m just curious.

Jerry: A bowl, ok?

Elaine: Did he crumble any crackers in it?

(Jerry blows out a breath)

Elaine: (reiterating the question) Did he crumble, any crackers in it?

Jerry: As a mater of fact, he did.

Elaine: Oh, well. Crackers in a bowl. That -- That could be a meal.

Jerry: It's like I’m talking to my Aunt Sylvia here.

(Simon comes out of the apartment building onto the steps next to Jerry)

Elaine: Oh, hi Simon. This is Jerry.

Simon: Hello. (to Jerry, politely -- then quickly turns to Elaine) Elaine, do you have any cash on you?

Elaine: Um, yeah in my purse.

Simon: No. There was only six dollars.

Jerry: Well, I have some money. What do you need? (pulls out some bills)

Simon: Well, 20 should cover me. (snatches the cash) Thanks mate. (he walks down the stairs to the sidewalk)

Elaine: Where you going?

Simon: (starts to turn back to Elaine) Just visiting.

Elaine: Oh, OK, see you later.

Simon: I won't be back for dinner. (turns and walks off down the street)

Elaine: [ English accent ] Pardon?



New scene.
Exterior shot of Monk’s Restaurant, then inside - George is sitting at the usual booth and Jerry sits down on the other side of the table.

Jerry: So is she working? Is she here?

George: Yeah, yeah, she's here.

Jerry: Have you said anything to her?

George: No, but I’m feeling very uncomfortable.

Jerry: Are you going to say anything?

George: There she is. (waiving his arms quickly above the table - to nix the conversation) No no no no no no.

Kelly the Waitress: Hello

George: Hello.

Kelly the Waitress: Well, what's it going to be?

George: What's it gonna be?

Kelly the Waitress: Yes. What'll you have? Are you eating? It's in that vein.

George: I’ll eh, I’ll just have a bowl of chili.

Jerry: I’ll have an egg white omelet.

(Kelly the Waitress walks away)

George: What's it gonna be? ... You hear that?

Jerry: Yeah, that was bad.

George: Did you feel that tension? We use to have banter - (puts menu back with frustration) - there's no more banter.

(looking towards the front door, Jerry sees Kenny Bania hanging up his coat on the coat rack)

Jerry: Oh, no, it's Kenny. Slide out so he can't sit down. (George & Jerry each slide to the end of their booth seats)

Bania: Hey.

Jerry: Hey.

Bania: You worn the suit yet?

Jerry: Actually, I did. I put it on last night and slept in it.

Bania: You did?

Jerry: ... Oh, I’m joking.

Bania: OH! Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Can I squeeze in? (to George)

George: Sure you can.

(Bania sits next to George as he and Jerry slid back to their original seats in the booth. Kelly the Waitress brings George his bowl of chili)

Kelly the Waitress: Can I take your order?

Bania: What kind of soup do you have?

Jerry: Why don't you get a sandwich?

Bania: Ok, I’ll have tomato soup and ah, tuna on toast.

Jerry: OK ... (nodding his head up and down) This is it ‘cha know

(George grabs some napkins)

Jerry: This is the meal ... so stock up buddy boy.

Bania: What are you talking about? this isn't a meal.

(George tucks a napkin over his shirt collar)

Jerry: Yes it is. Soup and sandwich. That is a meal.

Bania: You're supposed to buy me dinner in a nice restaurant, like Mendy’s.

Jerry: I tried to do that.

Bania: This is lunch in a coffee shop

Jerry: Doesn't matter, This is it. This completes the transaction

Bania: Ah, soup and a sandwich for a brand-new Armani suit. Is that any kind of gesture? (turns to George)

Bania: I’m really not comfortable ...

(Kramer walks up to the table, leans in, with both hands on the table)

Kramer: (to George) Hey, I just spoke to ah, Hilde about your friend.

George: Yeah.

Kramer: She doesn't have a boyfriend. She made it up.

(Kramer points at George, and makes the “pop” sound with his lips. George looks over his left shoulder, back into the kitchen, then takes his napkin off of his shirt and throws it down on the table)

----------------------------------------
Music and fade to commercial
----------------------------------------


New scene.
Elaine walks into Jerry's apartment and then over to the couch.

Elaine: Hi.

Jerry: Where's Simon?

Elaine: Oh, he'll be right up. He's just getting some beer. And I’m not expecting ... any change. (leans forward as she brings her hands together in front of her, then sits on the couch)

Jerry: When's he leaving? (putting some items into the refrigerator)

Elaine: About 2 days. Although he's hinting at how he'd like to stay. Fortunately he has no money, and no prospects. (she smiles)

(Simon walks in the open door carrying some beer)

Simon: Hey mate. Fancy a beer?

Jerry: Ah, no thanks.

[ Telephone rings ]

(Simon leans down to kiss Elaine)

Jerry: (on the phone) Hello? No, I’m sorry Bania ... I’m not going over this again. Well who told you to order soup? ... No! There's no dinner. There's not going to be any dinner. You've had a sandwich and 2 bowls of soup and that's it. Good-bye.

(hangs up the cordless phone and sets it down -- blows air out of his mouth and cheeks ... Then he snaps his fingers)

Jerry: Hey, what size suit are you?

Simon: 40.

Jerry: 40. Perfect. Brand-new Armani suit, you want it?

Simon: Absolutely.

Jerry: Great, its yours. I can't stand the sight of it. (he hands Simon the suit on the hanger)
Elaine, here’s the car keys. (tosses her the keys)

Elaine: Thanks

[ Telephone rings ] (Jerry picks up the cordless phone)

Jerry: Yo?

Bania: Listen Jerry, I've been doing some thinking. I want my suit back.

Jerry: I don't have your suit. I gave it away.

(Elaine and Simon are exiting the apartment door, Simon goes first. Elaine with a big smile, realizing it's Bania on the phone, bends forward from the waist slightly, opens her mouth and sticks out her tongue like she is throwing up and then exits the apartment and closes the door.)
Bania: Well it's my suit.

Jerry: Well it's gone. I’m sorry. Good-bye Bania.

(he hangs up the cordless phone. Kramer bursts in)

Kramer: Hey.

Jerry: Hey.

Kramer: Um, yeah. (glances around the apt.) Oh, uh ... well, how's everything?

Jerry: Ok.

Kramer: Good, ah, what's going on?

Jerry: Nothing.

Kramer: Really.

Jerry: You want food, don't cha? (nodding his head up and down)

Kramer: It's not for me. It's for Hilde -- the waitress I was telling you about. She's hungry, she wants food. If I go back in there without any food ... there's gonna be trouble. (his voice gets really high pitched on his last sentence)

Jerry: All right, go ahead

Kramer: Thanks buddy. (goes over to the fridge and pulls out a few things)

(Hilde walking into the open doorway of Jerry's apt. - she stands with her arms on her hips)

Hilde: Did you find anything!

Kramer: Uh, yeah, ah ...

(looking down at the food he is clutching between his elbow and chest)

Kramer: There's a few things in here, ah, peanut butter, cheese, yeah ...

Hilde: Cheese is good. Yeah, what kind?

Kramer: Uh, Swiss.

Hilde: All right, it'll have to do. Come on.

(Hilde and Kramer go back to his apt. Kramer shuffles both feet wildly as he exits)


New scene.
On the sidewalk, Jerry walks up to George, who is outside, one store over from the coffee shop.

Jerry: What are we doing out here? Aren't we going to go in and eat?

George: I can't go in there. I feel too uncomfortable.

Jerry: Oh, what are you saying? So we're not going to go in there anymore?

Elaine: Hey, What are you doing out here?

Jerry: We can't eat here anymore, cause he took a waitress out for a walk.

George: What's the difference? Let's go to Reggie’s.

Elaine: Reggie’s? I can't eat anything there.

George: It's the same menu.

Elaine: There's no “Big Salad.”

George: They'll make you a “Big Salad.” What do you think, they're the only one's that make a “Big Salad”?

Elaine: All right. Let's go, to Reggie’s.

(George half-bows to Elaine and they start to walk down the sidewalk)

Jerry: So what's going on with Simon? Did he leave?

Elaine: Ahh ... wait till you hear this.



New scene.
Daytime exterior of Reggie’s, then inside, where George sits on the left side of the booth while Elaine and Jerry sit on the right side of the booth.

Elaine: So Simon picks this woman up, right in front of me.

Jerry: Look at this. They make a point of saying on the menu, “No egg white omelets.” Look at that.

George: So what! Have a yoke. It won't kill you.

Hilde: (walks up to the table) Hello.

Jerry: Oh, hi Hilde. Can I get an egg white omelet?

Hilde: Did you read the menu?

Jerry: All right, just give me a western. (unhappy)

Elaine: How about a Big Salad?

Hilde: A big salad?

Elaine: (to George) You see?

George: Just tell her what’cha want, they'll make it for ya.

Elaine: It's a salad, only bigger, with lots of stuff in it.

Hilde: I can bring you 2 small salads.

Elaine: Could you put it in a big bowl?

Hilde: We don't have any big bowls.

Elaine: All right. Just give me a cup of decaf.

Hilde: We have Sanka.

(Elaine looks up at Hilde with subtle disbelief)



New scene.
Exterior of Jerry's apartment building, then inside where Jerry and George enter.

George: I mean, it's not fair. I've been going there for 7 years. She's been there 3 weeks.

Jerry: Not fair.

George: If anyone should be forced to leave that place, it should be her!

Jerry: She's on your turf.

George: If only she could get fired. Is there any way that could happen? I mean I know how to get myself fired.

Jerry: You're the best.

George: Well ...... but how do I get someone else fired?

Jerry: Well as I see it, you've got to apply the same principles that get you fired, but redirected, outwardly.

(Kramer enters)

Kramer: H-Hey. She's hungry Jerry.

Jerry: Well, there's nothing left. There's no food.

Kramer: No food? Well you gotta have something -- (rummages through Jerry's cupboards and refrigerator) -- I can't go back in there with no food. She's expecting something Jerry. You don't know what she's like when that blood sugar is drops.

[ Hilde ]: Food!

Kramer: There, you see. She's already in a bad mood. She just got fired.

Jerry: Why'd she get fired?

Kramer: Oh, because I called over there a couple of times and the manager didn’t like it.

(Jerry turns quickly and looks at George -- George, sitting on the couch, immediately understands, he picks up the phone with his right hand, points at Jerry with his left arm extended, dials and licks his lips)



New scene.
Exterior of the coffee shop the inside where Elaine and Jerry sit at the usual booth.

Elaine: So, Simon is definitely going back now. He's meeting me here to return my keys.

Jerry: Boy, he's a real bounder, isn't he?

Elaine: Yes. He's one of those bounders.

Kelly the Waitress: Egg white omelet and Big Salad.

Elaine: AHhh. Thank you.

Kelly the Waitress: I just wanted to let you guys know that Friday's my last day. Bloomingdales ordered a bunch of my clips, and thank God, I don't have to do this any more. (turns and walks away)

Elaine: Ah (hu ha - small laugh)

(Bania walks up to the table)

Bania: Hey Jerry, where's my suit?

Jerry: I don't have it. You want half my omelet? (holds his omelet plate up to Bania)

Monk's Manager: (on the phone, we assume it's George calling) I told you, she's busy. She can't come to the phone now! (hangs up)

Monk's Manager: You better tell your boyfriend to stop calling here.

Kelly the Waitress: Oh he's not my boyfriend. It's that bald guy with the glasses, who's always here with them. he's trying to get me in trouble.

(Monk's Manager stands there for a second thinking -- looking at Elaine and Jerry. Both of them have a hand up on the side of their faces. Monk's Manager walks over and puts both hands on the table and leans in)

Monk's Manager: HEY! Yeah. I got a message for you. You tell your friend George, that the next time I see him around here, I’m going to turn him into my Own, Personal, Hand-Puppet.

(Jerry makes a face and silent “Ouoo”)

Simon: Well, hello. Here you are as promised. You see, I’m a man of my word. (drops keys into Elaine's extended palm)

Elaine: When are you leaving?

Simon: Elaine, are you trying to get rid of me? Aha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I was supposed to leave tomorrow, but all of a sudden, I've been set up with a job interview that might enable me to extend my visit indefinitely. And it is all due, to this suit. How do I look? I’m a shoe-in aren't I. Thanks again love. (touches the table, turns and walks to the exit)

Elaine: (turns towards the lunch counter) Hey Kenny. You still want to get that suit back?

Bania: (leans backwards from the counter) Yeah!

Elaine: There it goes. (pointing at Simon walking out the door)

Bania: Hey! Hey! (he runs out the door after Simon) [ Come Here You! ]

(Elaine and Jerry watch as Bania runs out the door after Simon)

[ Simon: What are you doing. Unhand me ]

[ Bania: Take It Off! ]

[ Sounds of struggling] [ Material rips]

(Elaine and Jerry look at each other, and toast each other by raising their forks in the air. Their mouths are open with the silent Ahhhhh _expression of joy)



Final scene.
Inside Reggie’s dinner. George sits silently in a booth. A plate of food on the table in front of him. Another patron is at the counter by himself.

George pours a bit of ketchup onto his plate / food (*Actually we see the end of the bottle, which is supposed to be obscured by some elements on the table -- it does not look like any ketchup comes out of the bottle). He replaces the ketchup bottle cap and sets the bottle down on the table.

He picks up his fork and takes a bite from his plate. Then he picks up a bottle of A1 sauce and pours a bit on his food, replaces the cap and sets the bottle down. Then he picks up (what looks to be) a smaller bottle of Tabasco, pours a bit of it on his food, replaces the cap and sets the bottle in the table caddy on the table.

Then he struggles with something on the table (it's near impossible to distinguish what the item is, as it's a wide shot) -- trying to get the item open, the lid flips into the air and flies over his right shoulder, making a noise as it lands on the ground. Hearing the noise, the man at the counter turns to see what it is and George looks over at him.
[George's Apartment]

George: Well, you got no place to go. I'll tell you what your problem is: You brought your queen out too fast. What do you think? She's one of these feminists looking to get out of the house? No, the queen is old fashioned. . Likes to stay home. Cook. Take care of her man. Make sure he feels good.

Liz: Checkmate.

George: I don't think we should see each other any more.

Scene

At Elaine:'s. She's trying to get some rest. [dogs barking]

Elaine: Shut up! Shut up! You stupid mutt.

Scene

[Monk's]

Jerry: And you broke up with her 'cuz she beat you at chess? That's pretty sick.

George: I don't see how I could perform sexually in a situation after something like that. I was completely emasculated. Anyway, it's not the only reason.

Jerry: Yeah, what else?

George: All right. You wanna know what one of her favorite expressions is? Happy, Pappy?

Jerry: Happy, Pappy? What does that mean?

George: Like if she wants to know if I'm pleased with something, she'll say, "Happy, Pappy?"

Jerry: Oh, you're "Pappy".

George: I'm "Pappy".

Jerry: Oh, I get it. Why don't you just say it?

George: Oh, come on. What, are you kidding? George: I'm much more comfortable criticizing people behind there backs. Anyway, look who's talking. You just broke up with with Melanie last week because she "shuushed you" while you were watching TV.

Jerry: Hey, I got a real thing about "shushing"!

George: What is this? Did you ever get the feeling like you've had a haircut but you didn't have one? I'm all itchy back here.

Jerry: Ahh.

George: What?

Jerry: What is this? What are we doing? What in god's name are we doing?

George: What?

Jerry: OUR LIVES!! . What kind of lives are these? We're like children. We're not men.

George: No, we're not. We're not men.

Jerry: We come up with all these stupid reasons to break up with these women.

George: I know. I know. That's what I do. That's what I do.

Jerry: Are we going to be sitting here when we're sixty like two idiots?

George: . We should be having dinner with our sons when we're sixty.

Jerry: We're pathetic… you know that?

George: Yeah, Like I don't know that I'm pathetic.

Jerry: Why can't I be normal?

George: Yes. Me, too. I wanna be normal. Normal.

Jerry: It would be nice to care about someone.

George: Yes. Yes. Care. You know who I think about a lot? Remember Susan: ? The one that used to work for NBC?

Jerry: Hmm. I thought she became a lesbian.

George: No. It didn't take.

Jerry: Oh.

George: Did I tell you I ran into her last week? Ho-ho, she looked great.

Jerry: Hmm.

George: You thought she was good looking, right?

Jerry: See, there you go again. What is the difference what I think?

George: I was just curious.

Jerry: Well, this is it. I'm really gonna do something about my life, you know? You know, I think I'm gonna call Melanie again. So what if she shushed me. George:, I am really gonna make some changes.

George: Yes. Changes.

Jerry: I'm serious about it.

George: Think I'M not?

Jerry: I'm not kidding.

George: Me, too.

Scene

[At Jerry:'s. He's on the phone]

Jerry: Melanie, you can shush me at every opportunity. 5? 3? Oh, it was just an expression. All right, well, that's very sweet of you. Okay, I'll call you later. All right, bye. Hey!

Kramer: What?

Jerry: I had a very interesting lunch with George: Costanza today.

Kramer: Really?

Jerry: We were talking about our lives and we both kind of realized we're kids. We're not men.

Kramer: So, then you asked yourselves, "Isn't there something more to life?"

Jerry: Yes. We did.

Kramer: Yeah, well, let me clue you in on something. There isn't.

Jerry: There isn't?

Kramer: Absolutely not. I mean, what are you thinking about, Jerry:? Marriage? Family?

Jerry: Well...

Kramer: They're prisons. Man made prisons. You're doing time. You get up in the morning. She's there. You go to sleep at night. She's there. It's like you gotta ask permission to use the bathroom. Is it all right if I use the bathroom now?

Jerry: Really?

Kramer: Yeah, and you can forget about watching TV while you're eating.

Jerry: I can?

Kramer: Oh, yeah. You know why? Because it's dinner time. And you know what you do at dinner?

Jerry: What?

Kramer: You talk about your day. How was your day today? Did you have a good day today or a bad day today? Well, what kind of day was it? Well, I don't know. How about you? How was your day?

Jerry: Boy.

Kramer: It's sad , Jerry. It's a sad state of affairs..

Jerry: I'm glad we had this talk.

Kramer: Oh, you have no idea.

Scene

[Apiphany scene - on the pier]

George: La-la-la...

Scene

[Jerry's. Elaine pops in, she looks like something the cat just dragged in]

Kramer: Hey.

Jerry: Hey.

Elaine: Three hours of sleep again last night.. Three hours of sleep because of that dog.

Kramer: What dog?

Kramer: Yeah. What dog?

Elaine: This dog in the courtyard across from my bedroom window that never never stops barking..

Kramer: Don't...

Elaine: I lost my voice screaming at this thing. I can't sleep. I can't work. I mean, I just moved. I can't move again. What am I gonna do? What? What am I gonna do?

Kramer: Well, there is something you can do.

Elaine: What? Kramer:, I'll do anything.

Kramer: Well, what if there should be an unfortunate accident?

Jerry: You're going to rub out the dog?

Kramer: No, no. Not me. I just happen to know someone who specializes in exactely these kinds of sticky situations.

Elaine: Uh-huh.

Jerry: What, you're considering this?

Kramer: Look, just meet with him. ?????.

Scene

[Newman's - dark and dangerous]

Elaine: I don't really know why I'm here. Kramer talked me into coming up here. But, obviously, I could never really do anything.

Newman: Of course. Obviously.

Elaine: Uh, so, anyway, I'm sorry for wasting your time.

Newman: What kind of dog did you say it was?

Elaine: Um, I don't know. I've never really seen it.

Newman: I see many dogs on my mail route. I'll bet there's not one type of mutt or mongrel I haven't run across.

Newman: If you ask me, they have no business living amongst us. Vile, USELESS BEASTS . . .

Kramer: Newman: ! Stop it!!

Newman: Anyway.

Elaine: Yeah. Well um, I was just curious if I were interested in availing myself of your services, um, what exactly would you do?

Newman: Well, Elaine:, There's any number of things I could do. But, I can promise you this, though, this vicious beast will never bother you again. So, what's it going to be?

Elaine: No, I'm sorry. I can't hurt a dog. I can't hurt a dog. I can't.

Kramer: I got it. We'll kidnap him . and we'll drop him off Upstate and this way he won't bother you anymore and he won't get hurt.

Newman: Yeah, I suppose.

Kramer: Huh?

Elaine: I'd have to think about it. I doubt it, though. I doubt it. I'll let you know.

Newman: Of course. Take your time. I be here.

Scene

[George: is still at the pier. His thoughts shift somewhat.]

George: La-la-la-la-la-la-la! [flashbacks to Susan: ]

Scene

[Elaine's .- makes phone call]

Elaine: All right. Let's do it.

Newman: Excellent. Excellent.

Scene

[Restaurant]

Jerry: How come you're eating your peas one at a time?

Melanie I'm sorry.

Scene

[Susan's]

Susan: Who is it?

George: It's George:.

Susan: George:? George:, what is it?

George: Will you marry me?

Scene

[George is on the phone.]

George: Ma, guess what!

Mrs. C: Oh, my god!

George: No, it's nothing bad. I'm getting married.

Mrs. C: You're what?

George: I'm getting married?

Mrs. C: Oh, my god! You're getting married?

George: Yes!

Mrs. C: Oh, I can't believe it. Frank, come here.

Frank: You come here.

Mrs. C: Georgie's getting married.

Frank: What?

Mrs. C: Georgie's getting married.

Frank Get the hell out of here. He's getting married?

Mrs. C Yes.

Frank To a woman?

Mrs. C: Of course to a woman. What's she look like?

Frank: I'm sure she's pretty gorgeous.

George: What difference does it make what she looks like?

Mrs. C: Is she pretty?

George: Yes, she's pretty. What difference does it make?

Mrs. C: Oh, I'm just curious.

Frank: She's not pretty?

Mrs. C: Let me talk to her.

George: She wants to talk to you.

Susan: : Uh, hello?

Mrs. C: Congratulations!

Susan: : I just want you to know that I love your son very much.

Mrs. C: You do?

Susan: : Yes.

Mrs. C Really?

Susan: : Yes.

Mrs. C: May I ask why?

Frank Okay...

Mrs. C: Will you stop. I'm on the telephone.

Frank :Can I talk to her, please?

Scene

[Outside Jer's and Cosmo's apt.]

Jerry: Hey!

Kramer: Hey!

Jerry: What are you up to?

Kramer: Nothing.

Jerry: What's the rope for?

Kramer: Oh! Well, How do you like that. I got rope. Um, I gotta go.

Jerry: The dog. You're getting the dog.

George: Hey, Kramer:, where are you going?

Kramer: Out.

George: Don't go. Kramer:! Come back. I got great news. Well, I did it.

Jerry: Did what?

George: I got engaged. I'm getting married. I asked Susan: to marry me. We're getting married this Christmas.

Jerry: You're getting married?

George: Yes!

Jerry: Oh, my god!

George: I'm a man. Jerry:, I'm a man. And do you know why? It's because of that talk we had. You were my inspiration. Do you believe it? You. That lunch was the defining moment of my life.

Jerry: I'm blown away.

George: You're blown?

Jerry: Wow!

George: You like that?

Jerry: And she said "Yes"?

George: It took a couple of hours of convincing. I was just like those guys in the movies. And it worked! She said "Yes"! I can't believe my luck that she was still available . A beautiful woman like that. You think she's good looking, right?

Jerry: You're gonna have gorgeous kids.

George: Yes. She's got great skin - a rosy glow..

Jerry: Pinkish hue?

George: Oh, she's got the hue. So, what's going on with you and Melanie? I mean, I know you're not getting married, but uh, things are happening?

Jerry: Well...actually, we kind of broke up.

George: You what?

Jerry: Well, you know, we were having dinner the other night, and she's got this strangest habit. She eats her peas one at a time. You've never seen anything like it. It takes her an hour to finish them. I mean, we've had dinner other times. I've seen her eat Corn Niblets. 4But she scooped them.

George: . . . she scooped her niblets?

Jerry: Yes. That's what was so vexing.

George: Uh-huh. Uh-huh. What about the pact?

Jerry: What?

George: What happened to the pact? We were both gonna change. We shook hands on a pact. 9Did you not shake my hand on it uh?

Jerry: You stuck your hand out, so I shook it. I don't know about a pact. Anyway, you should be happy you're engaged. You're getting married.

George: Well, it's not that. I just, you know, I thought that we were both uh...

Jerry: You thought I was gonna get married?

George: Well, maybe not married, but...

Jerry: I mean, you love Susan: , right?

George: Yeah.

Jerry: You want to spend the rest of your life with her

George: . . . . . . Yeah.

Jerry: So?

George: Yeah. It doesn't make any difference.

Jerry: No. So, we're still on to see uh, Firestorm tonight?

George: Yeah.

Jerry: I'll pick you up at your apartment. We'll go to the Eight.

George: Yeah.

Jerry: Hey, wait a second. Wait a second. ! How about some champagne?

George: Champagne?

Jerry: Yes, come on! How often do you get engaged? Come on!

George: Okay! Alright!

Jerry: You know what? No champagne. . . . I'll see you later.

George: Yeah.

Scene

[Night outside]

Elaine: That's it. That's it. Stop right here.

Newman: All right, give me the rope.

Elaine: What? What do you need a rope for?

Newman: Look, I don't have time to explain every little thing to you.

Elaine: I don't know. Now, I'm thinking maybe we shouldn't do this.

Newman: I knew you'd back out.

Elaine: Kramer:, are we doing a bad thing?

Kramer: Well, Look at it this way. We drop the dog off in front of somebody's house in the country. They find it and adopt it. Now the dog is prancing in the fields. Dancing and prancing. Fresh air. . Dandelions. We're doing this dog a real favor.

Elaine: Yeah. That's him.

Newman: All right. I'm going in. Keep the motor running.

Scene

[George:'s.]

Jerry: Ready?

George: Um, I don't uh, really think I can go.

Jerry: Oh, how come?

George: Well, I didn't really tell Susan: about it, and she doesn't really have anything else to do.

Jerry: Well, she could come.

George: Well, she doesn't really want to see Firestorm.

Jerry: Oh.

George: She um, she wants to see The Muted Heart.

Jerry: Oh, The Muted Heart. Glen Close. Sally Field. Well, that should be good.

George: Yeah. see you later.

Jerry: Hey, wait a second. You know, we could share a cab. They're playing at the same Cineplex.

Susan: George, better get read

George: I am ready.

Susan: You wearing that shirt?.

George: Okay, I guess I'll see you down there.

Jerry: Yeah.

George: Okay.

Scene

[In the van.]

Elaine: What time you got?

Kramer: Oh, no. I don't wear a watch.

Elaine: What do you do?

Kramer: Well, I tell time by the sun.

Elaine: How close do you get?

Kramer: Well, I can guess within an hour.

Elaine: Tsk. Well, I can guess within the hour, and I don't even have to look at the sun.

Kramer: Yeah.

Elaine: Well, what about at night? What do you do then?

Kramer: Well, night's tougher but it's only a couple of hours.

Newman: Let's go. Let's go. Move!

Kramer: You got it?

Newman: What do you think? Drive. Drive.

Elaine: Where is it? Where is it? This? This is the dog?

Newman: Yep.

Elaine: But he's so small.

Newman: Yeah, but he's a fighter.

Elaine: That can't be the dog. Are you sure you got the right one?

Newman: Look, you said the one in the second courtyard. He was in the second courtyard.

Elaine: How could that be the dog?

Kramer: Well, get him to bark.

Elaine: Yeah. Yeah. I'll know if he barks.

Newman: All right. Bark.

Elaine: Bark.

Newman: Bark.

Scene

[At the theater]

Susan: Did you like it?

George: Yes, it was very, very good.

Susan: Oh, do you think he'll ever find her again?

George: Oh, I sure hope so.

Jerry: How about when Harrison Ford jumped out of that plane, and he was shooting back at them as he was falling?

Friend: What about that underwater escape?

Jerry: Oh, man!

Scene

[In the van]

Kramer: Let's turn the radio on. Maybe there's a news report about it.

Newman: ???????

Elaine: You think we're far enough.

Newman: We're practically to Monticello.

Kramer: Yeah. This looks right. All right. Give me the dog. Okay, boy. This is it. This is your new home. Let go of my shirt. Come on. Let go of my shirt. This shirt is from Rudy's.

Scene

Jerry:'s on the phone with his newly imprisoned buddy, Georgie.

George: Hello?

Jerry: Hey, ??? is rerunning the Yankee game. You watching this?

George: They are?

Susan: George:, you coming to bed? I'm taping mad About You.

George: Uh, yeah, I'll be there in a minute.

Jerry: What was that?

George: Uh, nothing. I got to go.

Jerry: Oh, Mattingly just sinled .

George: You know, it was really wrong of you to back out on that deal.

Jerry: I didn't make a deal. I just shook your hand.

George: Yeah, Well that's a deal where I come from.

Jerry: We come from the same place.

Susan: George:, I'm starting it.

George: I got to go.

Scene

[At the pooch's pad. ]

Lady Roxy! Where have you been? We've been worried sick about you. What's this? Hmm. Rudy's.

Scene

[Elaine's bedroom - dog barking]

Elaine: No! No! It's impossible. It's impossible.

Scene

[At Jerry:'s. ]

Elaine: I don't know. I don't know how it happened. We were practically in Monticello. I mean, how could that thing have found its way back? There's no way.

Jerry: Very strange.

Elaine: I know.

Jerry: So, tell me anyway. Who was the BIG mastermind?

Elaine: Oh, I can't Jerry:. 4I'm sworn to secrecy.

Jerry: All right. But then I can't tell you the BIG news.

Elaine: News? What news?

Jerry: Sorry!

Elaine: What? What?

Jerry: All right, Elaine but this is beyond news. This is like Pearl Harbor. Or the Kennedy assassination. It's like not even news. It's total shock.

Elaine: Oh, come on, Jerry:. Please, please, please, please, please!

Jerry: George Costanza...

Elaine: Yeah?

Jerry: Is getting married!

Elaine: Get out!

Scene

[Outside kramer's apartmen]

Kramer: Hi.

Cop: You Cosmo Kramer:?

Kramer: Uh, yes. Yeah.

Cop: You recognize this piece of fabric?

Kramer: Oh, yeah, that's...

Cop: What?

Kramer: What?

Cop: You're under arrest.

Kramer: Arrest?

Cop: I have a receipt for a rental car with your signature. Including a report with some damage to the rear seat. It seems the spring was so compressed it completely collapsed the right side..

Jerry: Newman: .

Scene

[Cop at Newman: 's door]

Newman: What took you so long?

Scene

[back of a Cop car]

Kramer: Hey, what do you think they'll do to us?

Newman: Ah, don't worry about a thing. In twenty minutes that place'll be swarming with mailmen. We'll be back on the street by lunch.

Elaine: I gotta make some changes. I'm not a woman. I'm a child. What kind of life is this?

[George and Susan: in bed - MAY music]
George: "Keep it real!"
George: "Let's get nuts!"
George, at Monk's with Jerry: "When are they gonna learn that any news about
China is an instant page-turner?"
George, seeing Jerry with a small black device: "What's that?"
Jerry: "It's a Wizard electronic organizer for my dad. I'm goin' to Florida
for his birthday."
George: "How much was it?"
Jerry: "Two hundred. But I'll tell him it's fifty. He doesn't care about the
gift. He gets excited about the deal."
George: "Where are you gettin' a Wizard for fifty dollars?"
Jerry: "Ah, I'll tell him I got it on the street, and maybe it's hot. That's
his favorite."
George: "I got a message from the Rosses at work today."
Jerry: "Susan's parents? When's the last time you talked to them?"
George: "At the funeral, give or take. You know, deep down, I always kinda
felt that they blamed me for Susan's death."
Jerry: "Why, because you picked out the poision envelopes? That's silly."
Elaine, entering Monk's with her boyfriend: "Oh, um... Darryl. These are...
people I know. Jerry, George."
Darryl: "Nice meeting you. Ah, I gotta run, Elaine. I'll see you later."
Elaine: "OK."
Jerry: "Still no Puddy?"
Elaine: "Uh, I think his answering machine's broken, so I just gave up. Well,
what do you think?"
Jerry: "What? About you datin' a black guy? What's the big deal?"
Elaine: "What black guy?"
Jerry: "Darryl. He's black, isn't he?"
Elaine: "He is?"
George: "No, he isn't."
Jerry: "Isn't he, Elaine?"
Elaine: "You think?"
George: "I thought he looked Irish."
Jerry: "What's his last name?"
Elaine: "Nelson."
George: "That's not Irish."
Jerry: "I think he's black."
George: "Should we be talkin' about this?"
Elaine: "I think it's OK."
George: "No, it isn't."
Jerry: "Why not?"
George: "Well, it would be OK if Darryl was here."
Jerry: "If he's black."
Elaine: "Is he black?"
Jerry: "Does it matter?"
Elaine: "No, course not. I mean, I'd just like to know."
Jerry: "Oh, so you need to know?"
Elaine: "No, I don't need to know. I just think it would be nice if I knew."
Waitress: "Should I take that?"
Jerry, getting out his wallet: "Uh, one second."
Elaine, looking in her purse: "Oh, here."
George, pulling out some money: "Uh, yeah. Hang on. Just... yeah."
[when they see the waitress, who is black, all three hurriedly get out lots
of money for her tip]

George, with Jerry in his apartment, on the phone: "Uh, Mrs. Ross? It's-it's
George."
Mrs. Ross: "Uh, who?"
George: "George Costanza. Susan's, uh, friend? Long time no speak."
Mr. Ross, walking by Mrs. Ross: "We're all out of lime juice. I told that
woman to buy more."
Mrs. Ross: "Uh, George, the Susan Ross Foundation is having an event this
weekend."
George: "Oh, I just, uh, leased a house out in the Hamptons, and I have got
to get out there this weekend and sign the papers."
Mr. Ross, again walking by: "I'm goin' back to bed."
Mrs. Ross: "Thank you for calling, George."
George: "Oh, sure. I mean, after all, you were almost my, uh... OK, I gotta
go."
Jerry: "House in the Hamptons?"
George: "Well, you know, I've been lyin' about my income for a few years. I
figured I could afford a fake house in the Hamptons."

Kramer, entering Jerry's apartment to find Jerry and George: "Well."
Jerry: "Hey."
Kramer: "Well, grab a cigar, boys. Yeah. It's time to celebrate."
Jerry: "Wow. What are we celebrating?"
Kramer: "Uh, you remember my coffee table book?"
Jerry: "With the little legs?"
Kramer: "That's the one. A big Hollywood so-and-so optioned it for a movie."
George: "How are they gonna make that book into a movie?"
Kramer: "You remember that photo book on toy ray guns?"
George: "Yeah?"
Kramer: "Independence Day?"
George: "Oh."
Jerry: "How much are they payin' you?"
Kramer: "Let's just say that I don't have to worry about working for a while.
A long while."
Jerry: "That's funny because I haven't seen you working for a while. A long
while."
Kramer: "Yeah, and you're not going to, because I'm hanging it up. Boys, I'm
retiring."
Jerry: "From what?"
Kramer: "From the grind. I mean, who needs it? I mean, I've accomplished
everything I've set out to do."
Jerry, seeing that Kramer has a new watch: "What's that?"
Kramer: "Oh, I bought myself a little retirement gift. Gold watch."
Jerry and George: "Ooh!"
Kramer: "Well, it's not really gold."
Jerry and George: "Aww."

[approaching Darryl's apartment, Elaine hears loud rap music being played,
and smiles knowingly]
Elaine, as Darryl opens his door: "Hey."
Darryl: "Hey."
Elaine: "Great music."
Darryl: "Oh, it's my neighbor. They blast that stuff twenty four hours a day.
I hate it."
Darryl: "Yo, you! Turn it down!"
Elaine: "Oh, wow, these are nice. Do they have any cultural significance?"
Darryl: "They're... African."
Elaine: "Right. African."
Darryl: "Well, not Africa, actually. South Africa."
Elaine: "South Africa."
Darryl: "My family used to live there, but, uh, we got out years ago, for
obvious reasons. You know how it is."
Elaine: "Maybe."

George, to a street vender selling hot dogs: "You must hate hot dogs, huh? Or
else, you, uh, you really like 'em and that's why you, you do this."
[the Rosses come out of a nearby building onto the street, observe George not
being in the Hamptons, and move on]
George: "I'll tell ya, if I had one of these things, I'd be eatin' hot dogs
all the time."
Vender: "Are you gonna buy a hot dog or not?"
George: "Mmm... no."

Morty, in Florida, as Jerry comes out of his room, having just woken up:
"Rise and shine, sleepy head! Ha ha!"
Jerry: "It's 5:30 in the morning!"
Helen: "We let you sleep in."
Jerry, handing his dad a gift: "Well, as long as I'm up. Dad, I got you a
birthday present. Here. Happy Birthday."
Morty: "Aw, Jerry. I should be buyin' you presents."
Jerry: "What does that mean?"
Helen: "Leave your father alone. It's his birthday."
Morty: "Oooh! Heh heh! It's a radar detector."
Jerry: "Radar detector? I've never seen you go over twenty miles an hour.
You're like the Grand Marshall of the Rose Bowl Parade. It's a Wizard
organizer."
Morty: "This looks like too much money."
Jerry: "Nah, I got it from a guy on the street. It was, like, fifty bucks."
Morty: "You think it's hot?"
Jerry: "Could be."
Morty: "Attaboy! Helen, Jerry got me a hot Wizard computer!"
Helen: "I'm right here."
Jerry: "And you can do everything with it. You can get e-mail, fax, there's a
calculator."
Morty: "So, I can use it in the restaurant to figure out the tip?"
Jerry: "Yeah, I guess. But the really cool thing is the daily planner."
Morty: "Helen, we got into restaurants and figure out the tips."
Helen: "Jerry, you're getting your father too excited."

Kramer, entering the condo, and going to the fridge as if he's a neighbor:
"Hey, buddy. When'd you get here?"
Jerry: "Kramer, what are you doing here?"
Kramer: "I told you I was retiring. I moved in next door."
Helen: "Mr. Kornstein died, and it's a beautiful apartment."
Kramer: "Yeah, your, uh, folks said it was for rent, so I jumped on it."
Jerry: "Kramer, you can't live down here. This is where people come to die."
Jerry, getting looks from his parents: "Not you. Older people."
Helen: "Don't eat cookies for breakfast! I'll fix you something. How 'bout a
feta cheese omelette?"
Kramer: "Mmmm, that sounds great, Mom."
Jerry: "If you feed him, he'll never leave."
Helen: "We don't have any feta. How about cottage cheese and Egg Beaters?"
Kramer, immaturely: "I guess."
Jerry: "I can't believe this."
Kramer: "I know, I know. Don't I look more relaxed?"

Elaine, with George at Monk's: "So, George, do you have any thoughts on this
Darryl situation?"
George: "Actually, I did have a thought."
Elaine: "Oh."
George: "Why don't you just ask him?"
Elaine, rudely and giving him a 'duh' look: "Because, if I ask him, then it's
like I really want to know."
George: "Maybe he's, um... mixed."
Elaine: "Is that the right word?"
George: "I really don't think we're supposed to be talkin' about this."
Elaine: "Yeah."
George, standing up: "I'm just gonna go to the bathroom."
Elaine, starting to leave: "You know what, I'm leavin'."
George: "Yeah."
Elaine: "I'll just talk to Jerry when he gets back."
Elaine, seeing the Rosses entering Monk's: "Oh. Mrs. Ross, Mr. Ross."
Mrs. Ross: "Oh, you're George's friend."
Mr. Ross: "We saw him in the city this weekend. Uh, what happened to his
place in the Hamptons?"
Elaine, laughing uproariously: "The Hamptons? George Costanza? I, uh... I
don't think so. Have a good one."
George: "Rosses."
Mr. Ross: "George, we were just talking about you."
George: "Well, sorry I missed that, uh, charity thing. But this was one of
those truly glorious Hampton weekends that you always hear about."
Mrs. Ross: "Really?"
George: "Yeah, I may move out there."
George, getting 'yeah, right' glances from the Rosses: "I mean it, I'll do
it! OK, I'll see ya later. Keep it real!"

Morty, eating lunch with Helen and Jerry: "Another fine meal, and now for my
Wizard tip calculator."
Jerry: "Dad, it's got lots of other functions."
Morty: "Don't worry. I'll get to the other functions."
Morty, trying to open it: "I can't get it open."
[Jerry easily opens it]
Helen: "Yay! Jerry got it open."
Morty: "The service was slow. And God forbid they should refill the water.
How does 12.4% sound?"
Jerry, looking at the Wizard: "Well, your tip is four dollars and thirty-six
point six six six six cents."
Morty: "We'll round down."
Helen: "Jerry, it was so nice of you to come down here on your father's
birthday. You've helped take his mind off the condo elections."
Jerry: "Oh, right. You can't run for condo president because you were
impeached at the other condo."
Morty: "I was never impeached! I resigned!"
Helen: "Even so, the press would bury him!"
Jerry: "What press?"
Helen: "The condo newsletter, the Boca Breeze."
Morty: "Pinko Commie rag."

Old Man, coming up to the three Seinfelds: "Hey, Morty. Your boy here, he
just got a date with that young aquacise instructor."
Jerry: "She's fifty."
Old Man: "You know what he's got? He's got charisma. That's my man."
Kramer: "All right, I'll see you guys."
Old Man: "Yeah."
Kramer: "Yeah."
[Kramer, scanning the scene, is surprised to see Morty, right next to him,
staring at his face]
Kramer, taping Morty's glasses: "Morty, what're you lookin' at?"
Morty: "I'll tell you what I'm looking at: the next condo president of Del
Boca Vista, Phase Three."
Kramer: "Hmm."

Darryl, with Elaine in his apartment: "Elaine, thank you for the Wizard!"
[Elaine laughts somewhat awkwardly]
Darryl: "Wow, it's got so many functions."
Elaine: "Yeah, yeah. Forget about all that. First thing is first. Warranty
information. Name, we know that. Uh, hobbies. Skiing, racquetball..."
Darryl: "Well, I don't do that stuff."
Elaine: "It doesn't matter, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter. Um. Oh,
here's one: race."
Darryl: "Isn't that optional?"
Elaine: "It certainly should be. It's nobody's damn business! But they really
would like to know."
Darryl: "All right, I'm... Asian."
Elaine: "What?"
Darryl: "Just to mess with 'em."
Elaine: laughing awkwardly: "Oh. Right. Good one."
Darryl: "Average income, uh... over a hundred thousand."
Elaine: "Really?"
Darryl: "Does that matter?"
Elaine: "No, but... it is very nice to know."

Jerry, in his parent's condo, on the phone with Elaine: "So did you figure
out Darryl's... you know."
Elaine, in Jerry's apartment: "Ah, I've given up. So, now we're going to a
bunch of Spanish restaurants. I figure that'll cover us either way."
Jerry, as Kramer walks by: "You're a master of race relations."
Elaine: "Hey, so Kramer's running for president of the condo?"
Jerry: "Yeah, it's all my father's doing."
[Kramer, apparently looking for something to do, mumbles to Jerry to hand him
a magazine from the table]
Jerry: "He wants to install Kramer in a puppet regime and then wield power
from behind the scenes. Preferably from the sauna in the clubhouse."
Elaine: "Oh, heh heh heh. Who are they running against?"
Jerry: "Common sense and a guy in a wheelchair."
George, entering Jerry's apartment: "Jerry?"
Elaine, to George: "He's still down with his folks."
George, to Elaine: "What are you doin' here?"
Jerry, overhearing the other two: "Elaine, Elaine--"
Elaine, to George: "I'm gettin' his mail."
Jerry, overhearing the other two: "Oh, no."
George, to Elaine: "He asked you to get the mail?"
Elaine, to George: "Mm-hmm."
George, taking the phone from Elaine: "Jerry, why is Elaine getting your
mail?"
Jerry: "George, listen to me. I have a very important job for you. I want you
to come by twice a day and flush the toilet so the gaskets don't dry out and
leak."
Elaine, trying to understand what they're talking about: "What?"
George: "What about the mail?"
Jerry: "This is far more important. You must exercise the gaskets, George."
George, hanging up: "All right, Jerry. I'll do it. See ya."

George, with Elaine in Jerry's apartment: "So, I ran into the Rosses again."
Elaine: "Oh, right, at the coffee shop. Where did they get the idea that you
have a place in the Hamptons?"
George: "From me."
Elaine: "What did you say?"
George: "I told them I have a place in the Hamptons. What did you say?"
Elaine: "I told them you didn't. And I laughed and I laughed."
George: "So, they knew? Those liars!"
Elaine: "But you lied first."
George: "Yeah, but they let me go on and on all about the Hamptons, they
never said a thing! You don't let somebody lie when they know you're lying.
You call them a liar!"
Elaine: "Like you're a liar!"
George: "Yes. Thank you! Is that so hard?"
Elaine: "So, this is over, not over? I'm bettin', not over."
George: "Hmm-hmm, not by a long shot. I'm calling up the Rosses and inviting
them up to my non-existent place in the Hamptons. Then we'll see who blinks
first."
Elaine: "Haven't you done enough to these people?"
George: "This is not about them. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to exercise
Jerry's gaskets."
[Elaine gets a sarcastic, 'oh, boy' expression]

Kramer, to a room: "Vote for Kramer."
Kramer, to a man walking by: "Cosmo Kramer. I'm running for condo president.
I'd like your vote. Thanks."
Kramer, to an old woman: "Remember, ma'am, a vote for me, is a vote for
Kramer."
Old Woman: "Will you cut my meat?"
Kramer: "Gladly."

Waitress, to Darryl, who's with Elaine at Monk's: "Coffee?"
Darryl: "Sure."
Waitress, to Darryl: "Are you black? Or should I bring some cream."
Darryl: "I'm black."
Darryl, re-thinking: "Oh, you know what? Bring a little cream."
Darryl, seeing a couple gesturing towards him and Elaine: "Did you hear that?"
Elaine: "What?"
Darryl: "God, there are still people who have trouble with an interracial
couple."
Elaine: "Interracial? Us?"
Darryl: "Isn't that unbelievable!?"
Elaine: "Yes, it's awful! They're upset because we're an interracial couple.
That is racism!"
Darryl: "I don't feel like eating."
Elaine: "Me neither. Well, maybe this turkey club."

George: "So... here I am. Ready to take you to the Hamptons."
Mrs. Ross: "Sounds grand."
George: "Do you have your bathing suits?"
Mr. Ross: "It's March."
George: "Speak now, or we are headed to the Hamptons. It's a two-hour drive.
Once you get in that car, we are going all the way... to the Hamptons. All
right, you wanna get nuts? Come on. Let's get nuts!"

Jerry, in his parent's condo, to his father, who's in another room: "Hey,
Dad. You know you can program this thing to beep every time you need to take
a vitamin."
Jerry, as Kramer comes walking out in a retirement-like athletic sweatsuit:
"Dad, you look so different."
Kramer: "Oh, no. We're campaigning, Jerry. To rule the people, one... must
walk among them."
Morty, coming into the hall: "This is the home stretch. Tomorrow's the
election!"
Kramer: "Right. Yeah. The polls close after dinner, three o'clock. But then
when we win, the celebration goes all night until the break of eight p.m."
Jerry: "You know, you can put that whole schedule right in your daily
planner."
Morty: "Daily what?"
Helen, coming into the condo: "Have you read today's Boca Breeze?"
Kramer, looking at the newsletter: "Hey, look at that. Picture of me, huh?"
Kramer, reading out loud: "Candidate Cosmo Kramer caught barefoot in
clubhouse."
Morty: "Barefoot in the clubhouse? Don't you realize this is against the
rules."
Kramer: "Well, I couldn't find my shoes."
Jerry: "Kramer, these people work and wait their whole lives to move down
here, sit in the heat, pretend it's not hot, and enforce these rules."
Helen: "Who wants hot chocolate?"
Kramer: "Oh, yeah! Me."
Morty: "This is a huge scandal! We need damage control."
Kramer: "All right, look. People seem to like those tip calculators, huh?"
Jerry: "Wizards!"
Kramer: "Yeah, well, how 'bout if we give one out to every member on the
condo board."
Jerry: "Kramer..."
Morty: "There are twenty people on the board. Thank God you can get that
deal."
Kramer: "Payoffs. Now we're playin' politics. All right, what do we next,
Morty, huh? Wiretaps, slush funds?"
Morty, rushing to his bedroom: "First, I need a nap."
Helen, running after him: "Oh, I'll get your electric blanket!"
Jerry: "Kramer, I can't get that many Wizards."
Kramer: "Well, what about your deal, huh?"
Jerry: "I didn't have a deal! They're two hundred dollars a pop. What do I
do?"
Kramer: "Well, don't worry about it. I know a guy."
Jerry: "Down here?"
Kramer: "Yeah, Bob Saccamano's father."

George, driving in the car with the Rosses: "And that leads into the master
bedroom."
Mrs. Ross: "Tell us more."
George: "You want to hear more? The master bedroom opens into the solarium."
Mr. Ross: "Another solarium?"
George: "Yes, two solariums. Quite a find. And I have horses, too?"
Mr. Ross: "What are their names?"
George: "Snoopy and Prickly Pete. Should I keep driving?"
Mrs. Ross: "Oh, look, an antique stand. Pull over. We'll buy you a
housewarming gift."
George, chuckling to himself: "Housewarming gift."
George, swerving the car to go to the antique stand: "All right, we're taking
it up a notch!"

Waitress at Monk's, handing Elaine a menu: "Here you go."
Elaine, to the black waitress: "Long day?"
Waitress: "Yeah, I just worked a triple shift."
Elaine: "I hear ya, Sister."
Waitress: "Sister?"
Elaine, as Darryl comes into Monk's: "Yeah. It's OK. My boyfriend's black.
Here he is. See?"
Darryl: "Hi, Elaine."
Elaine: "Hey."
Waitress: "He's black?"
Elaine: "Yeah."
Darryl: "I'm black?"
Elaine: "Aren't you?"
Waitress, leaving: "I'll give you a couple minutes to decide."
Darryl: "What are you talking about?"
Elaine: "You're black. You said we were an interracial couple."
Darryl: "We are. Because you're Hispanic."
Elaine: "I am?"
Darryl: "Aren't you?"
Elaine: "No. Why would you think that?"
Darryl: "Your name's Benes, your hair, and you kept taking me to those
Spanish restaurants."
Elaine: "That's because I thought you were black."
Darryl: "Why would you take me to a Spanish restaurant because I'm black?"
Elaine: "I don't think we should be talking about this."
Darryl: "So, what are you?"
Elaine: "I'm white."
Darryl: "So, we're just a couple of white people?"
Elaine: "I guess."
Darryl: "Oh."
Elaine: "Yeah. So do you want to go to the Gap?"
Darryl, leaving with Elaine: "Sure."

Kramer, having lunch with Jerry and his parents: "Oh, well... I handed out
all the Wizards. Polls close in one hour. Whoo hoo hoo! I think we've got
this baby all sewn up, huh? Oh, uh, there was an extra one. Norman Burgerman,
he won't be leavin' any tips where he is."
Jerry: "Aw."
Morty: "Congratulations, Mr. President."
Kramer: "Congratulations, Mr. Puppet Master."
Old Man: "Hey, Morty, what's wrong with these tip calculators?"
Morty: "What are you talking about?"
Old Man: "It's overtipping. I just left five bucks for a BLT."
Morty: "This isn't a Wizard, it's a Willard."
Jerry: "A Willard? Saccamano, Sr. screwed me!"
Old Man #2: "Mine doesn't have a seven!"
Old Man #3: "I'm ruined!"
Morty: "Jerry, why didn't you get them Wizards?"
Jerry: "Because a real Wizard's two hundred dollars."
Morty: "You didn't have a deal?"
Jerry: "No deal. Not hot."
Old Man: "Morty, you, and Kramer, you're finished."
Kramer: "What?"
Old Man: "Everyone vote for the guy in the wheelchair."
Kramer, getting up to leave: "Well, the people have spoken. Well, that's it
for me. I'm, I'm headin' back to New York."
Jerry: "Dad, I'm sorry."
Morty: "You should be! How could you spend two hundred dollars on a tip
calculator?!"
Jerry: "It does other things!"

Mr. Ross, with his wife and George, on a beach: "Where are we, George?"
George: "Almost there."
Mr. Ross: "Well, this is the end of Long Island. Where's your house?"
George: "We, uh, we go on foot from here."
Mr. Ross: "All right."
George: "There's no house! It's a lie! There's no solarium. There's no
Prickly Pete. There's no other solarium."
Mr. Ross: "We know."
George: "Then, why? Why did you make me drive all the way out here? Why
didn't you say something? Why? Why? Why?"
Mrs. Ross: "We don't like you, George."
Mr. Ross: "And we always blamed you for what happened to Susan."
George: "Oh."
Mr. Ross: "All right! Let's head back."
George is at the airport.

George: It's all departures. I see nothing but departures. (to the woman
beside him) Do you know where the arrivals are?

The woman walks away. George addresses the man standing on the other side.

George: Excuse me, sir, do you have the time?

Man: There's a clock over there.

George: Where?

Man (pointing): There.

George: But you have a watch on.

Man: It's right by the escalator.

George: Why don't you just look at your watch?

Man: I told you, it's right over there.

George: Let me see the watch.

George grabs the man's wrist.

Man: Hey! What are you, some kind of nut?!

George: You know we're living in a society!

Jerry walks up from the ramp.

Jerry: George.

George: Jerry. Jerry.

Jerry: Sorry, the flight was delayed, how long've you been waiting?

George: I just got here. My car broke down on the Belt Parkway.

Jerry, Oh I can't believe-- why don't you get rid of that piece of junk.

George: One mile from the exit it starts shaking, really violently shaking,
like it's having a nervous breakdown. It completely stopped dead.

Jerry: So you have no car?

George: No.

Jerry: So what good are you?

Jerry looks over towards a chauffer holding a sign that says O'BRIEN

Jerry: I'll tell you one thing, this chauffeur's gonna be waiting a while,
O'Brien's not showing up.

George: How do you know?

Jerry: He was in Chicago, the flight was overbooked, wouldn't let him on the
plane. He kept screaming how he had to get to Madison Square Garden.

George: We should take his limo.

Jerry: Yeah, right.

George: Wait a second. Think about it. He's not showing up. Wait till you
see the line of cabs, its like forty-five minutes long. You said he's in
Chicago.

Jerry: He's definitely in Chicago.

George: Well the guy's just standing there.

Jerry: How would we do it?

George: We just go up to him, we say, "We're O'Brien."

Jerry: Maybe he knows O'Brien?

George: No, he doesn't know O'Brien, if he knew O'Brien he wouldn't have a
sign. Let's just do it.

Jerry: What if we get caught?

George: What's gonna happen? They can't kill us.

Jerry: Who's gonna be O'Brien?

George: I'll be O'Brien.

Jerry: Who am I?

George: You're you.

Jerry: Just me?

George: Yeah.

Jerry: Okay.

George: What, you don't want to be you?

Jerry: Well if you're gonna be O'Brien, why can't I be somebody?

George: Like who?

Jerry: Dylan Murphy.

George mumbles something.

Jerry: What, now you wanna be Dylan Murphy?

George: Well I like Dylan.

Jerry: You could be Colin.

George: Colin O'Brien.

Jerry: I'm Dylan Murphy.

George: I'm Colin O'Brien.

They walk towards the chauffer.

George: Are we really doing this?

Jerry: Come on,

Man (to George): Hey, do you have the time?

George: Clock over there. (to chauffer) O'Brien.

Chauffer: Yes sir.

George: Sorry we're late.

Chauffer: Here let me take that for you.

George: Oh thank you.

Chauffer: I'll get the car and I'll bring it around front.

George: Thank you very much. Dylan?

Jerry: Colin?


New scene.
George and Jerry are in the back of a limo. George is giddy with excitement.

George: This is incredible! This is one of the greatest things I've ever done
in my life! I'm gonna call my mother.

Jerry: What for?

George: I dunno, I'm in a limo. (dials) Hello ma? It's me. Guess where I am.
In the back of a limo. No, nobody died. It's a long story, I can't tell you
now. Because I can't. I said I can't. If I could, I would. Would you stop
it? Alright, look, I'm getting off. No, I'm not telling you! How's this? I'm
*never* telling you! I don't care! No! Fine! Never!!

Jerry: She happy for you?

George: Can he hear us?

Jerry: No. Why?

George: I thought I saw him look in the mirror suspiciously.

Jerry: He can't hear us.

George: Let's test him. Hey, driver. What do you say we stop off, pick up
your sister, have a little fun back here? No, he can't hear us.

Jerry: Where's he dropping us? Maybe we can get him to drop us right at my
house?

George: We'll ask him. (opens partition) My dear fellow, where are you
dropping us?

Chauffer: Madison Square Garden, of course. I have the four passes.

George: Of course, the uh, the four passes. (closes partition) Four passes to
Madison Square Garden? Wait a minute. Wait a minute! Of course! Chicago!
The Knicks are playing the Bulls tonight!

Jerry: What?

George: We are going to the Knick game! Michael Jordan!

Jerry: We're going to the Knick game!

George: Did I tell you?! Did I tell you?!

Jerry: I can't believe it! You may have hit with this one!

George: You see, you see? I see things as they are and I say, 'no!' Uh, wait,
you see things as they are not and you s- Wait, uh, you see things, do you see
things as they are? What do you say when you see things?

Jerry: Lemme call Elaine and Kramer.

George: If I see things as they are, I would ask 'why' or 'why not?'

Jerry: Elaine? It's me. What are you doing tonight? Great. George and I
have tickets, four free passes to the Knicks-Bulls game, Madison Square Garden.
Can you go? Great, listen, call Kramer, tell him to meet us on the corner at
seven o'clock. Alright. We're gonna pick you up in a limo. That's right
babydoll. Hey listen, when we pick you up, I'm Murphy and George is O'Brien. I
can't tell you now, it's a long story. I am serious. Okay. Okay bye. (opens
partition) 'Scuse me, driver, we have to make a little stop first.

Chauffer: I know.

Jerry and George: He knows?

George: Where are we going? Why are we pulling off here?

Jerry: Maybe it's a shortcut.

George: We're on the Grand Central, there's no traffic.

Jerry: (opens partition) 'Scuse me, driver, why are we getting off this exit?

Chauffer: Pick up the other members of your party.

George: Right. The other members of our party. (closes partition) Other
members of our party? What other members of our party? I didn't even know we
were in a party. Oh, I'm telling you, the jig is up.

Jerry: It was a bad jig to begin with, we never should have started this jig.

George: It was a good jig.

Jerry: It was a bad jig, a terrible terrible jig. What are we gonna do now?
They're gonna know you're not O'Brien.

George: There could be more than one O'Brien on a plane who ordered a limo.

Jerry: First of all, you don't look like any O'Brien, period.

George: Well you should have been O'Brien.

Jerry: I don't want to be Murphy anymore; do I still have to be Murphy?

George: Yes, you have to be Murphy.

Jerry: It makes no sense now, me being Murphy.

George: You're Murphy!

Jerry: I'm Seinfeld!

George: You're Murphy!! Look, let's just jump out of the car.

Jerry: We're doing sixty miles an hour!

George: So we jump and roll, you won't get hurt.

Jerry: Who are you, Mannix?

George: We're slowing down. Are those the people?

Jerry: Alright put your hands up over your face, pretend you're sleeping.

The limo pulls over, two people, a man (Tim) and a woman (Eva), get in.

Woman (reaches out to Jerry): Mr. O'Brien?

Jerry: No, I'm, uh, Dylan Murphy. Mr. O'Brien had a long trip, he's sleeping.

Eva (whispering): Oh, well I don't want to disturb him. We're just rather
excited to meet him face to face, finally. We're faithful readers of his
newsletter.

Jerry: Newsletter?

Tim: And of course, his great book, "The Game".

Jerry: Oh, yes, he's very proud of his work in the big game. So you've never
uh, met him before?

Eva: No.

Jerry: Never seen a picture of him?

Eva: Never.

Jerry: Not even on the book jacket?

Eva: There was no picture on the book jacket.

Jerry (nudging George): Hey O'Brien, wake up, c'mon, we got company. Wake up.

George: Hello. I'm O'Brien.


New scene.
Elaine meets Kramer of Jerry's corner.

Kramer: Hey!

Elaine: Hey!

Kramer: What, you took a cab?

Elaine: Yeah? So?

Kramer: How much do you make?

Elaine: I'm not telling you.

Kramer: C'mon.

Elaine: No!

Kramer: I'll tell you how much I make.

Elaine: I know how much you make. I don't even know why I'm doing this, I
don't even like basketball.

Kramer: You ever seen Michael Jordan?

Elaine: Just in those commercials.

Kramer: Maybe you'll see him do one of those three-sixty dunks.

Elaine: What's that?

Kramer: Oh, it's like this, here, you guard me.

Elaine: Huh?

Kramer: Yeah.

Kramer then drives to 'the hoop' and tumbles headfirst into a bunch of garbage
cans.


Cut back to 'O'Brien' and 'Murphy' in the limo.

Jerry (checking his watch): I don't think we're gonna make the tip off.

Tim: You think someone's been tipped off?

George: So, um, you've read "The Big Game", have you?

Eva (fawning): Yes I've read it and I've memorized it.

George: Tell me your impressions, I would love to hear what a young woman
thinks of "The Big Game".

Eva: Well, this is sort of embarrassing, but it's changed my life. The way you
analyzed the game? The way you identify the major players? Well it left me
breathless. You're a brilliant, brilliant man.

George: Well, it's just a game. Remember that, kids.

Tim: Just a game. He's so humble. Don't forget what you wrote in the
epilogue, the fate of the world depends on the outcome of this game.

George: Well, I was exaggerating a bit, just for effect.

Jerry: He tends to exaggerate.

George: Okay, I mean it's serious but--

Eva: We are really looking forward to your speech tonight.

George: Uh, my speech?

Eva: Yes, your secretary faxed me the copy. Would you like to look it over?

Jerry: Well you might as well look it over.


Cut back to Kramer and Elaine waiting on the corner.

Kramer: So what's going on, how did all this happen?

Elaine: Jerry and George called me from this limo and they said we're all going
to the Knicks-Bulls game.

Kramer: Limo? I thought that George went to pick him up.

Elaine: He did.

Kramer: Well then why would they take a limo from the airport?

Elaine: I don't know.

Kramer: That's pretty strange. Did he say anything else?

Elaine: Yeah. He said, um, he said it's really important that we call them
O'Brien and Murphy.

Kramer: O'Brien. Why would he want to be called O'Brien?


Cut back to the limo, George is reading from O'Brien's speech.

George: ...and the Jews steal our money through their Zionist occupied
government and use the black man to bring drugs into our oppressed white
minority communities.

Jerry: You're not going to open with that, are you?

Eva: What was that you said about the myth of the Holocaust?

George: I said so many things.

Suddenly they hear a loud bang.

George: They're shooting! They're shooting!

Tim (pulling out a gun): Alright, get down!

The limo comes to a screeching halt. Tim exits the limo to look around, Eva has
fallen on top of George.

Eva. Ohhh. I'm ready to die for you.

George: That's really very nice of you, Eva. Thank you.

Eva: But of course you know I would. I would do anything for you. Anything.

Tim returns.

Tim: Nothing to worry about, it was just a flat tire. But rest assured, we're
prepared to handle anything that might come up.

Tim opens a briefcase filled with firearms. Eva grabs one and starts handling
it sensually.

Jerry: Nice looking Lugar.


New scene.
Jodi Baskerville, reporting live.

Jodi: I'm standing in front of the Paramount adjacent to Madison Square Garden
where a growing number of vociferous and angry demonstrators are gathering to
protest the very first public appearance of Donald O'Brien, the leader of the
midwestern regional chapter of the Aryan Union, and reputed to be their most
charismatic spokesman. The reclusive Mr. O'Brien is an advocate of the violent
overthrow of the government. He has openly professed a deep admiration of Adolf
Hitler. Even David Duke has denounced him as a dangerous extremist. There is a
full house inside awaiting his arrival from the airport. Sources tell me he is
in route and should be arriving momentarily. Police have set up barricades, but
quite frankly Bill and Jean, I don't think they're any match for the emotional
fuse that has been lit here tonight. Reporting from the Paramount, I'm Jodi
Baskerville, back to you in the studio.


Cut back to Kramer and Elaine on the corner.

Kramer: Something's very strange. George goes to the airport to pick up Jerry.
They come back in a limo with four tickets to the basketball game and wanna be
called O'Brien and Murphy? O'Brien. O'Brien, why O'Brien?

A group of people approach from the adjacent sidewalk. One of them recognized
Elaine.

Dan: Elaine?

Elaine: Dan! Oh, hi Dan, how are you?

Dan: Good.

Elaine: Um, oh, this is um, Kramer.

Dan: Oh, Kramer?

They shake hands.

Elaine: What's going on?

Dan: Oh, we're heading down to protest this big neo-nazi rally. The head of
the Aryan Union is speaking, he's in from Chicago. You should come.

Elaine: Oh, can't, I'm going to the Knicks-Bulls game.

Dan: Oh, well that's where the rally is. The Paramount, right next door.

Elaine: Oh, well, maybe we'll run into you.

Dan: Yeah, yeah ok. It's really gonna be something, this is the first time
he's ever appeared in public, no one even knows what he looks like.

Kramer: Who?

Dan: The head of the Aryan Union; O'Brien.


Cut back to the limo.
Jerry and George are alone inside.

Jerry: What's taking him so long out there?

George: Didja see the way she was looking at me?

Jerry: She's a Nazi, George. A Nazi!

George: I know, I know. Kind of a cute Nazi though.

Jerry: Well we gotta make a plan before they come back, what are we gonna do?

George: I don't know.

Jerry: Let's just make a run for it.

George: I can't run, I have a bad hamstring.

Jerry: How'd that happen?

George: I hurt it in a hotel room. You know where they tuck the covers in real
tight in those hotel rooms? I can't sleep like that so I tried to kick it out
and I pulled it.

Jerry: I know, why do they make that bed so tight? You gotta sleep with your
feet like that.

George: For a mental patient. Wait a minute, the phone, we'll call the police.

George grabs the phone and dials.

George: 9... 1... 1. She said she'd do anything. Hello, police? Uh, yeah
listen, we're in the back of a limo in Queens--

Tim re-enters the limo.

George: --Astroturf? You know who's responsible for that, don't you?! The
Jews! Ah, the Jews hate grass. They always have, they always will.

Tim: We'll be ready in a minute.

George: Would you excuse us for a minute Tim boy, we're kind of in the middle
of something.

Tim: With all due respect, Mr. O'Brien, we're just about to leave.

George: Tim, who's the head of the Aryan Union, you or me?

Tim: You are.

George: And who's responsible for making hate mongering and fascism popular
again?

Tim: You are.

George: Good. I think you forgot something.

Tim: I'm sorry.

George: Good. Now get out.

Tim leaves.

George: Okay, what are we gonna do?

Jerry: I don't know.

George: Alright, how's this? We wait till we get to your street corner, we see
Elaine and Kramer then we get out. They can't shoot us in the city.

Jerry: Nah. No one's ever been shot in the city.


Cut back to Elaine and Kramer on the corner.

Kramer: I'm telling you, something's going on. I can feel it, sense it.

Elaine: I'm sure he was just joking around.

Kramer: Oh no no no, this is no joke. O'Brien's coming in from Chicago,
Jerry's in a limo, says he's O'Brien? That's not funny. Oh my god. Yes. Yes!

Elaine: What is it?

Kramer: Don't you see? There's always been something very strange about Jerry,
always so clean and organized. Do I have to spell it out for you? The limo?
The name? The rally at Madison Square Garden? Jerry, O'Brien are the same
person. Jerry is the leader of the Aryan Union!

Elaine: Jerry's a nazi?!

Kramer: I can't believe I didn't see it.

Elaine: Listen, you idiot! Just calm down! I know Jerry, he's not a nazi.

Kramer: You don't think so.

Elaine: No, he's just neat.


Cut back to the limo.

Tim: You know it's funny. You don't look like an O'Brien.

George: Me??

George and Jerry laugh nervously.

Tim: And you really don't look like a Murphy.

Jerry: I may not look like a Murphy but I act like a Murphy.

George: He's extremely Murphy. He's Murphy to a fault.

Tim: Where are you from?

Jerry: Dublin. Originally. Parents came over here when I was eighteen.
Cereal famine. Couldn't get a bowl anywhere. Bad. 'Tis a beautiful country
though; lush rolling hills, and the peat, ah the peat.

Tim: Sounds more like Scottish.

Jerry: We were right on the border.


Cut back to the street corner.

Kramer: Maybe he's with the company.

Elaine: What?

Kramer: The CIA! Maybe they placed him in there to infiltrate the organization
from within.

Elaine: What about his comedy act?

Kramer: That's the perfect cover! All that time on the road? Look Jerry, he's
too normal to be a comedian. These comedians, they're sick, neurotic people.

Elaine: What about George?

Kramer: What about him, he's part of it. His whole personality is a disguise.
No real person can act the way he does. Elaine, I'm telling you they're with
the organization. They're all part of it. He's in there with Helms and Hunt
and Liddy, that whole crowd. George and Jerry, they probably know who killed
Kennedy!

Elaine: I'll bet they were even in on it.

Kramer: Alright, what are we gonna do? I'm not gonna let him hurt you. (grabs
and hugs Elaine tightly) I'm not gonna.

Elaine: Kramer, you're hurting me!


Quick cut to the now approaching limo.

George: Those are my friends I was telling you about. We're gonna talk to
them, pull over.

Elaine: Get off of me!!

The limo pulls over and George and Jerry get out.

Kramer: O'Brien.

This attracts the attention of Dan and his friends standing at a nearby bus
stop.

Man: O'Brien? Is that him?

Man #2: Yeah, that's him.

Man #3: Look there's O'Brien!

Man #4: Filthy nazi bastard!

All four: Let's get him!!

They begin running full speed towards the gang.

George: What do I do?! What do I do?!

Jerry: Get in the car! Get in the car!

George, Elaine, Jerry and Kramer all jump into the limo which speeds off.

Kramer (pointing to Jerry): O'Brien. Long time no see. How's tricks, Murphy?

Tim: Why did you call him O'Brien and him Murphy?

Jerry: No, he was talking to me, he's cross-eyed.

Elaine: It could be very confusing.

The limo phone rings Kramer answers it.

Kramer: Yeah? Eva?

Eva: It's for me. (takes phone) Hello? (cups receiver) It's O'Brien.

Kramer: O'Brien? Well that's weird.

Eva (gun drawn): Who are you?

George and Jerry begin simultaneous explanations about how George's car broke
down when he went to pick Jerry up at the airport.


Cut back to Jodi Baskerville, reporting live.

Jodi: A limousine has just pulled up it's being surrounded by a huge group of
protestors, this has the makings of a very ugly scene.

Cut back to the limo, Elaine has joined the group explanation, none of the three
are intelligible at this point.

Jodi: They are banging on the car, trying to flip it over. The police seem
unable or unwilling to control the crowd, I would imagine Mr. O'Brien must be
having some very grave doubts if he made the right choice for his first public
appearance.

Cut back to the limo. The explanations are becoming more heated and less
understandable, the limo is rocking violently and Tim and Eva are becoming
unnerved.

Eva: Get out!!

Elaine: Look, it's Dan! Hi Dan!

Dan: Elaine?

Elaine: Hey!


Cut to George in front of a news camera, the on screen graphic says 'DONALD
O'BRIEN Leader of the Aryan Union'.

George: I am not O'Brien! I am not O'Brien! I'm not O'Brien! Ask anyone!
Jerry?! Jerry?!!


Closing monologue.

So I was watching this movie the other night, it was a World War Two movie and
there was Nazis in the movie and I noticed that the Nazis in those movies always
had like two separate heils. They had like the regular heil that they would do
and then when they were around the offices they had like this casual heil,
remember that one, you ever notice that? They come in, yeah, heil, how are ya,
is the kid back with the coffee yet? Come on, are you finished with the copier?
Yeah. World domination, Aryan race, whose donuts are those? Yeah, heil, nice
to see ya, can I have one of those donuts?
Inside a store full of ethnic merchandise. Elaine is examining some sort of
footwear, while behind the counter Gladys is on the phone.

ELAINE: Uh, excuse me.

GLADYS: Be with you in a minute. (turns her back to Elaine and continues into
phone) No, you shoulda come last night, it was fun.

ELAINE: Uhm, I just have a question.

GLADYS: (into phone) I know, the margaritas in that place are so strong.

ELAINE: (walks up to counter) Helloo? I'd like to buy these hirachis.

GLADYS: (into phone) So? What else is goin' on?

ELAINE: (shouts) HEY!!

GLADYS: Listen, I'll call you back. (to Elaine) Yes? What can I do for you?

ELAINE: (tosses the hirachis onto the counter) Nothing. You, just lost a
customer.

Elaine stalks to the door, but ruins her exit by trying to push open a door she
should pull.

[Valerie's Apartment]

Jerry, pulling on his jacket, and Valerie preparing to leave.

VALERIE: Ready to go? I don't wanna miss the previews.

JERRY: Me neither. I love the previews. In fact I enjoy being in the theatre cut
up(?). Last week after a preview, I yelled out 'Must miss'.

VALERIE: I think that I was in that theatre. That, that was really funny.

JERRY: Yeah, it got a good laugh. Let me just check my messages before we go.

Valerie heads toward the door. Jerry sits by the phone, lifts the receiver and
prepares to dial. As he does so, he notices button '07' on the speed-dial is
marked 'JERRY'. He looks surprised and pleased together.

[Jerry's Apartment]

Jerry and George stood talking.

GEORGE: So you're on the speed dial?

JERRY: After two dates!

GEORGE: What number?

JERRY: Seven.

GEORGE: Wha! You know, it's a pain to change that. You gotta lift up that
plastic thing with a pen.

The door opens and Kramer enters. He's carrying a couple of folding chairs in
each hand.

KRAMER: Uh, hey buddy.

JERRY: Hey.

Kramer carries the chairs across the room.

KRAMER: It all right if I keep these here for a while? I'm having a New Year's Eve
party.

JERRY: You're gonna keep these here for eight months?!

Kramer props the chairs up against a wall.

KRAMER: No, Jerry. New Year's Eve nineteen ninety-nine. The millennium. I told
you about that.

JERRY: Kramer, you're gonna leave these chairs here for two and a half years?!

KRAMER: You're not gonna see 'em. I got a case of party poppers I'm gonna keep
in front of 'em.

Kramer exits. George has taken one of the chairs, unfolded it, and is sat with
his feet up on the back of the couch, hands behind his head.

GEORGE: Hey, so get this. I get a call this morning from one of the Mets front
office guys. They wanna take me out to lunch.

JERRY: What for?

GEORGE: (smiling) I'm on a winning ball club, Jerry. They probably wanna pick my
brains.

JERRY: Really, why d'you think they're taking you out to lunch?

GEORGE: (thoughtful) I have no idea.

Elaine enters, throws her bag on the table. She's in a bad mood.

ELAINE: Alright, I have had it with those Mayans.

JERRY: I don't mind the Mayans.

Elaine gets another of the folding chairs.

ELAINE: (unfolding chair) You know that store, Putumayo? (sits) I was trying to
buy these hirachis, right, and the saleswoman just completely ignored me.

Kramer enters carrying more chairs.

KRAMER: What, we talking hirachis? I know a great store for hirachis.

ELAINE: No, no, not Putumayo.

KRAMER: No, no. Cinqo de Mayo. (leaving) Yeah, Marcellino, he turned me on to
it, and he's one sixty-fourth Mayan.

GEORGE: (slightly worried) You know, I'm starting to get a little nervous about
this lunch.

ELAINE: What'd you have?

Kramer enters again. This time he has a large bunch of multi-coloured balloons
on ribbons. He ties the bunch to Elaine's chair.

KRAMER: Yeah, I'm gonna keep these here too, huh? They'll be alright. (begins to
leave)

JERRY: Kramer, these balloons aren't gonna stay filled till New Year's!

KRAMER: (at the door) Well, those aren't for New Year's. Those are my everyday
balloons.

[Monk's]

George sits in a booth. Opposite him are two guys from the Mets.

MINKLER: George, we'll be blunt. The Mets need somebody to head up scouting, and
we think that someone might be you.

GEORGE: (surprise) Head of scouting?

MOONEY: Interested?

GEORGE: (playing it cool) I'm still here.

MINKLER: Now, unfortunately, league rules prevent us from making you an offer
while you're still under contract.

MOONEY: You understand what we're talking about?

GEORGE: So you're talking...

MINKLER: No, no.

MOONEY: We're *not* talking. We're just, talking.

GEORGE: So, you need me to get fired.

MINKLER: We didn't say that.

MOONEY: We couldn't say that, because even if we did...

MINKLER: ...we couldn't say that we said it.

MOONEY: You see what we're saying?

GEORGE: (jokingly) You are still paying for this lunch?

MINKLER: (serious) We didn't say that.

[Valerie's Apartment]

Valerie is sitting by her phone, having just finished some adjustment. Jerry
arrives, obviously a little rushed.

JERRY: Hi. Sorry I'm late. There's a lotta chairs and balloons in my apartment.
How 'bout I make it up to you with dinner?

VALERIE: (pointedly) Someplace nice this time?

JERRY: Yeah, I'm sorry about that Mongolian barbecue last night. I'd heard good
things.

VALERIE: (rising) I don't know, got a two in Zagat's.

Valerie rises and leaves the room. As she goes, Jerry sits beside the phone.

JERRY: Lemme just check my messages. (to himself) Maybe a nicer girl called.

Jerry presses the '07' button, without looking.

VOICE (O.C.): Hello?

JERRY: Hello? Who's this?

VOICE (O.C.): Jane. What number did you dial?

He looks down at the speed-dial and sees button '07' now marked 'JANE', and his
name now next to '09'.

JERRY: Seven?

[Putumayo]

Gladys is behind the counter. Through the window, Elaine can be seen outside.
Elaine bangs on the window to get Gladys' attention.

ELAINE: Hey! See these? (raises her foot so her new hirachis can be seen) Cinqo
de Mayo! Sales commission, bye-bye-o! (waves)

[Jerry's Apartment]

Jerry and Kramer sit at the table. Jerry reading a newspaper, Kramer with a
clipboard. George is heard outside the door.

GEORGE (O.C.): (singing) Meet the Mets...

George enters, looking pleased with himself.

GEORGE: ...meet the Mets. Come on in and greet the Mets.

JERRY: Good meeting?

GEORGE: There was no meeting. (gets one of the folding chairs) But it was quite
a meeting. You are looking at the next director of Mets scouting. The only thing
is, I have to get fired from the Yankees first.

JERRY: You can do that.

GEORGE: Of course. But I really wanna leave my mark this time, you know, uh. I
wanna walk away from the Yankees with people saying 'Wow! Now that guy got
canned!'

JERRY: So you want to go out in a final blaze of incompetence?

GEORGE: Ehh. (nostalgic) Remember that summer at Dairy Queen where I cooled my
feet in the soft-serve machine?

KRAMER: You think people will still be using napkins in the year two-thousand?
Or is this mouth-vacuum thing for real?

Jerry and George give Kramer a long look. Then break to continue their own
conversation.

JERRY: So, George...

GEORGE: Yeah.

JERRY: (rising) I had like a so-so date with Valerie, now I'm number nine on the
speed-dial.

Jerry moves to the kitchen, with George following.

GEORGE: So?

JERRY: So? I used to be seven. I dropped two spots.

GEORGE: What, she's ranking you?

JERRY: Yeah, this speed-dial's like a relationship barometer.

GEORGE: What is a barometer exactly?

KRAMER: It's pronounced thermometer.

Jerry gives another look to Kramer. George raises his eyes. Kramer rises and
comes over to the guys.

KRAMER: You know, in the year two-thousand, we'll all be on speed-dial. You'll
just have to think of a person, they'll be talking to you. It'll be like, wup
(judders and puts his hands to his temples, as if receiving a call on a 'mental
phone') getting a call here.

KRAMER: (to Jerry and George) Hey, it's Newman. (to 'mental phone') Hey, how you
doing, Newman?

Jerry begins mouthing 'I'm not here' and making gestures indicating he doesn't
want to talk to Newman.

KRAMER: (to 'mental phone') Oh, you wanna talk to Jerry?

Kramer leans toward Jerry, as if to allow him to use the 'mental phone'. Jerry
throws his arms up in exasperation.

[Valerie's Apartment]

Jerry has just arrived and has presented Valerie with a floral bouquet.

VALERIE: (pleased) Oh, flowers. You didn't have to do that. I mean, the dinner,
and the play, and the hansom cab ride.

JERRY: Well, I just wanted to... (breaks off) You forgot the gift certificate to
Barnes and Noble.

VALERIE: Oh.

JERRY: (resumes) ...you know, make a good impression.

VALERIE: I'm gonna go put these in some water.

JERRY: I like the way you think.

Valerie leaves to the kitchen(?). The moment she's gone, Jerry rushes over to
the phone. He picks it up to read the list of names on the speed-dial, and finds
himself promoted to the '01' button.

JERRY: Oh my God! Number one!! Seinfeld, you magnificent bastard!

[Yankees Boardroom(?)]

Wilhelm and some others are sitting around the big table. George is sitting
down. He's wearing an old-fashioned baseball jersey. On the table in front of
him, he places a large paper bag.

GEORGE: Sorry I'm late, but look what I found in the Yankee Hall of Pride
display case.

WILHELM: Isn't that Babe Ruth's uniform?

GEORGE: Is it? (reaches into bag)

Wilhelm looks disturbed by George's actions.

GEORGE: Huh, strawberries, anyone? (eats a strawberry) Ah, that's good. Ooh,
juicy this time of year.

He wipes strawberry juice from his fingers onto Babe Ruth's jersey.

GEORGE: Gotta get the good ones.

He fetches another over-ripe strawberry from the bag, and drops it onto the
front of the jersey leaving a pulpy stain.

GEORGE: Oh, that's bad. That's bad.

[Jerry's Apartment]

Kramer sits at the table with his clipboard.

KRAMER: So Jerry, my millennium party's really coming together. Will people be
able to breathe underwater in the year two-thousand?

JERRY: Some of us.

KRAMER: (crumpling a piece of paper) I don't wanna exclude anybody.

Elaine enters. She is festooned with Mayan goods. All her clothes, bag,
earrings, everything.

JERRY: Hola.

ELAINE: Shove it!

JERRY: What is all this?

ELAINE: I got all this junk at Cinqo de Mayo, because I was trying to show
Putumayo how much business they'd lost. I mean, I been dancing (demonstrates
dance) and strutting in front of their store for two days.

JERRY: Ah, no wonder we're getting so much rain.

KRAMER: Elaine, I'm having a millennium party, so save the date.

ELAINE: Hey, you know what? Newman sent me an invitation already, to his party.

Elaine fishes in her bag for the invite.

KRAMER: Newman?

ELAINE: Yeah.

Elaine hands her invite to Kramer.

KRAMER: (reads) Come celebrate the millennium, with Newmanniun. Newman!

[Jerry's Car]

Jerry has stopped to pick someone up. A woman climbs into the passenger side.

JERRY: Hi Valerie.

The woman turns to face him.

JERRY: You're not Valerie.

MRS HAMILTON: I'm her step-mother. Drive.

Jerry does as he's told and sets off down the street.

MRS HAMILTON: It's taken me thirteen years to climb up to the top of that
speed-dial, and I don't intend to lose my spot to you.

JERRY: But, I never...

MRS HAMILTON: (threatening) You just stay away from that phone.

[Steinbrenner's Office]

Steinbrenner behind his desk. George crosses the floor from the door.

GEORGE: You wanted to see me, sir?

STEINBRENNER: I heard about what happened at the meeting this morning...

George looks quietly pleased at his imminent dismissal.

GEORGE: Oh, yes. I already packed up my desk, sir. I can be outta here in an
hour.

STEINBRENNER: ...and I have to tell you, it's exactly what this organisation
needed.

George looks stunned as he realises he's not going to be fired.

STEINBRENNER: We wanna look to the future, we gotta tear down the past. Babe
Ruth was nothing more than a fat old man, with little-girl legs. And here's
something I just found out recently. He wasn't really a sultan. Ah, what d'you
make of that? Hey, check this out. (he stands to reveal he's wearing baseball
pants) Lou Gehrig's pants. Not a bad fit. (a thought occurs) Hey, you don't
think that nerve disease of his was contagious, do you? Uh, I better take 'em
off. I'm too important to this team. (removes the pants to reveal his boxers)
Big Stein can't be flopping and twitching.

George is further discomfited by the sight of Steinbrenner in his underwear.

STEINBRENNER: Hey, how 'bout some lunch. What're you going for?

[Valerie's Apartment]

Jerry and Valerie are sitting on the couch, eating popcorn.

JERRY: You know uh, Valerie, I uh, couldn't help but notice that I'm on your
speed-dial.

VALERIE: You deserve it.

JERRY: But I can't help thinking that maybe there's someone in your life who
deserves it more. Someone you've known, you know, more than a week.

VALERIE: My stepmother got to you, didn't she?

JERRY: What? No.

VALERIE: Uuh, I can't believe she did this again. That's it! She's off the
speed-dial completely!

Valerie gets up, stalks to the phone and sets about rejigging her speed-dial.

JERRY: Yikes!

[Newman's Apartment]

Newman sits at the table. Kramer has arrived and is holding his invitation.

KRAMER: Well, I just got your invitation to the Newmanniun party.

NEWMAN: You just got it? Damn, the mail is slow.

KRAMER: (getting worked up) You knew I was having a millennium party, but you
just had to throw yours on the same day!

NEWMAN: I have done nothing unethical.

KRAMER: Yeah, well you're gonna have to cancel it, because I've told everybody
about my party.

NEWMAN: Cancel! (jumps to feet) Think again, longshanks! I started planning this
in nineteen seventy-eight. I put a deposit down on that revolving restaurant
that overlooks Times Square, and I booked Christopher Cross.

KRAMER: (worked up) Well, what am I gonna do? I got over two hundred folding
chairs, and quite a bit of ice.

NEWMAN: (thoughtful) What kind?

KRAMER: Cubed.

NEWMAN: That's good stuff, and you can never have too much ice. Alright, I'll
tell you what I'll do. You can co-host the party with me, under one condition.
No Jerry. Jerry is not invited.

KRAMER: I gotta invite Jerry. He's my buddy.

NEWMAN: That he may be. But he's outta my life, starting in the year
two-thousand. For me, the next millennium must be, Jerry-free!

[Cab]

Jerry and George in the back of a taxi.

JERRY: How could they not fire you?

GEORGE: Never thought I'd fail at failing.

JERRY: Aw, come on there now.

GEORGE: (depressed) Feel like I can't do anything wrong.

JERRY: Nonsense. You do everything wrong.

GEORGE: (hopeful) Everything?

JERRY: Everything.

GEORGE: You really think so?

JERRY: Absolutely. I have no confidence in you.

GEORGE: Alright. I guess I just have to pick myself up, dust myself off, and
throw myself right back down again!

JERRY: That's the spirit. You suck!

GEORGE: (pleased) I know.

[Cinqo De Mayo]

Elaine is talking with the saleswoman.

ELAINE: No, no, no no, listen to me. I work in fashion. Together, we can drive
Putumayo outta business and make Cinqo de Mayo numero uno... de Mayo.

Gladys comes out behind the counter.

GLADYS: Do you need some help with something?

ELAINE: (puzzled) You? What're you doing here?

GLADYS: I own this store.

ELAINE: No you don't. You own Putumayo. Unless you own both stores. (laughs
nervously)

GLADYS: I'm Gladys Mayo.

Realisation dawns for Elaine. She begins to leave, slowly.

ELAINE: Ah, this really sticks in my craw.

[Mrs Hamilton's Apartment]

Jerry and Mrs Hamilton sitting on the couch. Mrs Hamilton is pouring out a
couple of glasses of wine.

JERRY: Well, Mrs Hamilton, it's certainly nice that you and Valerie patched
things up, so we could all get together like this. Where is Valerie?

MRS HAMILTON: I'm sure she'll be along. (handing over a glass) Have some wine,
Jerome.

JERRY: Okay.

Mrs Hamilton leans back on the couch beside Jerry. She's sitting uncomfortably
close to Jerry, and as she speaks she puts an arm along the top of the couch
behind Jerry. (To cut it short, this scene plays pretty close to the early
Dustin Hoffman/Anne Bancroft scenes in The Graduate.)

MRS HAMILTON: You know Jerome, I can understand what Valerie sees in you. So
attractive, so strong, so comedic.

JERRY: Uh, good.

MRS HAMILTON: Jerome, I have a deliciously naughty idea.

JERRY: (nervous) What?

MRS HAMILTON: Why don't I put you on my speed-dial?

JERRY: I don't know, Mrs Hamilton. That doesn't sound...

MRS HAMILTON: Don't be such a child, Jerome. How's number three sound?

Jerry leaps to his feet as Mrs Hamilton goes for her phone.

JERRY: Valerie's not coming over, is she?

Mrs Hamilton is programming her phone.

MRS HAMILTON: Seven, four...

JERRY: No...

MRS HAMILTON: Two...

JERRY: Stop, stop. This isn't right. What about Valerie?

MRS HAMILTON: I won't tell if you don't.

JERRY: (leaving hurriedly) Wuhh...

[Kramer's Apartment]

Kramer is asleep, but his sleep is fitful. He tosses and turns.

KRAMER: Jerry... Newman... Two-thousand...

Kramer suddenly sits bolt upright.

KRAMER: (yells) Newmanniun!!

He reaches over to his bedside table and picks up a photograph. It's of himself
and Jerry at a previous party, looking happy together.

KRAMER: (whimper) Jerry?

Kramer clutches the photo to his chest, and flops back onto the mattress.

[Jerry's Apartment]

Jerry sits on his couch, watching baseball on TV. Steve Koren is commentating.

KOREN (O.C.): Alright, Yankees, two. Orioles, nothing. Wait a minute! A short
stocky bald man is streaking across the field.

JERRY: Oh my God, George!

KOREN (O.C.): Check that. He's not streaking. He's wearing a flesh-tone
body-stocking. Apparently, he's a bit bashful, and oddly, no-one seems upset.

Kramer enters.

JERRY: Kramer, look, it's George.

KOREN (O.C.): Everyone loves him.

KRAMER: Yeah, yeah, I know. (he clicks off the TV) Listen, Jerry, I can't let
you come to my New Year's party.

JERRY: (neutral) Fine.

KRAMER: (agitated) I mean, it's killing me! Newman's got the jump on the
invites, and will crush me if I try to go it alone!

JERRY: (neutral) No problem.

KRAMER: (swung by Jerry's argument) You're right. I won't do it without you. I
feel so ashamed I even thought of it, huh.

Elaine enters.

KRAMER: (pleading) Elaine, you can't go to Newman's Newmanniun.

ELAINE: (neutral) Okay.

KRAMER: No, no, no. You gotta spend New Year's nineteen ninety-nine with me and
Jerry.

ELAINE: (neutral) Fine.

KRAMER: (frustrated shout) Oh come on!!

ELAINE: (neutral) Alright.

KRAMER: (triumph) Yesss! Alright, so it's you, it's me, and it's Jerry, huh.
(claps hands) Yeah, now things are starting to snowball, huh. I'll tell Newman I
don't need him. So, I'll uh, see you two in the twenty-first century.

Kramer heads out the door.

ELAINE: (following Kramer to the door) Okay. Kramer, Kramer, wait a minute. Do
you still have that pricing-gun?

KRAMER: Yeah.

ELAINE: Okay, I need you to help me put Putumayo outta business.

KRAMER: Can do.

Kramer leaves to his apartment. Elaine begins to follow.

JERRY: What're you doing with a pricing-gun?

ELAINE: That place is about to have the sale of the century. Nothing over
ninety-nine cents.

Elaine leaves and shuts the door.

JERRY: (to himself) Still a rip-off.

The phone rings. Jerry picks up.

JERRY: Hello?

From here on, the scene is presented in a split-screen format, with Valerie and
Mrs Hamilton in their respective apartments, sharing the screen with Jerry as
appropriate.

VALERIE: Jerry, I was just at my stepmom's house, and I saw that you were on her
speed-dial.

JERRY: Uh, well, she uh, probably just wanted to be able to keep tabs on you.

There is a beep on Jerry's phone as another call comes in.

JERRY: Hold on a second.

Jerry clicks the doofer to answer the other call.

JERRY: Hello?

MRS HAMILTON: (seductive) Hi Jerome.

JERRY: Oh, Mrs Hamilton, this is a very bad time. I've got Valerie on the other
line. Just a second.

Jerry clicks.

JERRY: Hello?

VALERIE: That's her on the other line, isn't it?

JERRY: Well...

VALERIE: Tell her I don't want you on her speed-dial.

JERRY: Hang on.

Jerry clicks.

JERRY: She knows about the speed-dial. Mrs Hamilton, you gotta get me off this
thing.

MRS HAMILTON: I won't, until she puts me back on hers.

JERRY: Hang on.

Jerry clicks.

JERRY: She wants to be back on yours.

VALERIE: Fine. But only if you're off hers.

JERRY: Hang on.

Jerry clicks.

JERRY: Fine, if I'm off yours.

VALERIE: No, still me.

JERRY: Sorry. Hang on.

Jerry clicks.

JERRY: Fine, if I'm off yours.

MRS HAMILTON: I won't do it. It's my speed-dial, and I don't trust her.

JERRY: Please, Mrs Hamilton, this is very awkward for me.

MRS HAMILTON: (conspiratorial) Alright. I'll hide you in one of the emergency
buttons.

JERRY: (hurried) Great, bye.

Jerry clicks.

JERRY: She said she'll do it.

VALERIE: Great.

There's another beep, as another call comes in.

JERRY: Hang on.

Jerry clicks.

JERRY: Hello?

[Yankee Stadium]

George is at a public telephone, wearing the flesh-tone body-stocking and
looking thoroughly dejected.

GEORGE: Jerry. I can't get fired.

A passing fan spots him.

FAN: Hey, body-suit man. 's up?

He slaps palms with George, who doesn't look especially pleased by the
attention. The fan points out George to more fans.

FAN: (pointing) Hey, body-suit man.

The fans gather round, making positive noises. George looks resigned to his
minor celebrity.

[Putumayo]

Gladys is behind the counter. Outside the door, Elaine peers in for a second
before she moves back out of sight. Then, a be-suited Kramer is pushed into
sight. He enters the store, smoking a cigar.

KRAMER: Hi, I'm H.E. Pennypacker. I'm a wealthy American industrialist uh,
looking to open a silver mine in the mountains of Peru and uh, before I invest
millions in a lucrative mine, I, I'd like to go a little native. Uh, Get the
feel of their condiments, of their unmentionables, you know, the real uh,
gritty-gritty.

He notices a bowl of chips beside the register and helps himself to some.

GLADYS: Well, lemme show you what we have.

KRAMER: Well uh, I think I can just browse around on my own.

KRAMER: (re the chips) Hmm, Macchu Picchu. Are these free?

GLADYS: Yeah.

KRAMER: Hmm-mmm.

Kramer strolls over to a rack and grabs a selection of a half-dozen items. He
then heads for the changing room.

GLADYS: Some of those are women's clothes.

KRAMER: Oh, not a problem.

He pulls the curtain shut. The sound of a pricing gun can be heard. The clicking
goes on for a couple of seconds, and then the gun is dropped. It lands by
Kramer's feet and breaks, Kramer then exacerbates his problem by kicking the gun
as he tries to retrieve it.

[Yankee's Parking Lot]

George is driving his car in a circle in the parking lot. Trailing behind the
car, on a rope, is a trophy which bounces and clatters on the tarmac. George is
leaning out of the car window, with a megaphone.

GEORGE: Attention Steinbrenner and front-office morons! Your triumphs mean
nothing. You all stink. You can sit on it, and rotate! This is George Costanza.
I fear no reprisal. Extension five-one-seven-oh.

[Putumayo]

Gladys is still behind the counter. Valerie and Mrs Hamilton are browsing the
racks. Elaine enters and, holding her hand up to hide her face, she walks over
to the changing room, pulls back the curtain and enters.

KRAMER: L'Occupado.

ELAINE: Come on, what is taking you so long?

KRAMER: Elaine, I broke the price-gun, so I had to move to plan B.

ELAINE: Plan B? There is no plan B.

KRAMER: (holds up some small white sachets) I took these out of every single
garment in the store.

ELAINE: What?!

KRAMER: They're dessicates. See, they absorb moisture. (gleeful) These clothes
won't last five years without 'em.

ELAINE: That's not gonna do anything.

KRAMER: Patience.

ELAINE: Alright. Forget it!

KRAMER: What?

ELAINE: You have screwed me again, Pennypacker!

Elaine leaves, hurrying through the store with her face shielded again.

GLADYS: Ladies, care for some chips?

KRAMER: (emerging from the changing room) Well, I don't mind if I do.

He takes a chip and dips it. As he loads the chip with the dip, a sachet of
dessicate falls from his sleeve into the dip. He doesn't notice, and after
consuming the chip he deposits the bundle of clothing onto the counter.

KRAMER: Well, I've uh, I've changed my mind. I think I'm going to build a
rollercoaster instead.

Kramer leaves. Mrs Hamilton comes over to the counter, takes a chip, dips it
into the dessicate-laced dip and eats it.

[Steinbrenner's Office]

George stands before Steinbrenner's desk, in his shirt-sleeves, nonchalantly
eating something. He occasionally shrugs at Steinbrenner's remarks.

STEINBRENNER: I heard what you did in the parking lot, big boy, and it is
in-excuse-a-bull. You personally insulted me, my staff... I cannot believe that
you, body-suit man, could perpetrate such a disloyalty. Breaks my heart to say
it... Oh, who am I kidding? I love it. You're fi...

George looks expectant, as Steinbrenner reaches this point. Suddenly, Mr Wilhelm
enters the office.

WILHELM: Wait, wait, Mr Steinbrenner. George doesn't deserve any of the blame
for what happened in the parking lot today, sir. If there's anyone to blame
here, it's me.

George stares at Wilhelm in disbelief.

STEINBRENNER: What're you talking about, Wilhelm. You popping pills? You got the
crazies again?

WILHELM: No, no. No, no, sir. I ordered George to drive around insulting people
today. Because I'm tired of all your macho head games.

GEORGE: (agitated) He's lying, sir! I'm tired of all your macho head games!

STEINBRENNER: Macho head games?

WILHELM: (puts arm round George's shoulder) He's just being loyal to me, sir.

STEINBRENNER: Wilhelm, you're fired. I owe you an apology, body-suit man. Streak
on. (rising) Now, if you gentlemen'll excuse me, I'm not going to the game
today, I'm gonna go outside and scalp some tickets. (heads toward the door)
Owner's box, that's gotta bring in forty bucks, no problem.

GEORGE: Mr Wilhelm, what was that?!

WILHELM: I wanted to get fired. George, you are looking at the new head scout of
the New York Mets.

Wilhelm walks away toward the door, leaving George looking crushed.

WILHELM: (singing) Meet the Mets, meet the Mets. Come right out and greet the
Mets.

[Jerry's Apartment]

KRAMER: I don't know what Elaine is so upset about. I mean, without dessicates,
those clothes'll be noticeably musty in five years.

JERRY: She never sees the big picture.

There's a knock at the door. Jerry opens it to reveal Newman.

JERRY: Hello, Newman!

NEWMAN: Hello Jerry. (to Kramer) What did you say to Elaine? I just got her
cancellation in the mail.

KRAMER: Oh, well I guess she found some place better to go.

NEWMAN: Well, it's her mistake. Because she is going to miss the party of a
lifetime.

KRAMER: Well, maybe so, but come midnight, when she's looking for someone warm
and cuddly to kiss, I guess you'll be caught between the moon and New York City.

NEWMAN: Alright. Come back to my party, please.

KRAMER: Jerry too, of course.

NEWMAN: (reluctant) You don't wanna do your... act, or anything, do you?

JERRY: No.

NEWMAN: Alright then, I guess I can accept a little Jerry, if it gets me a
(suggestive) lot of Elaine.

Jerry pulls a disgusted face.

KRAMER: Deal?

NEWMAN: To the Newmanniun! (holds out his hand)

KRAMER: (grasps Newman's hand) To the Kramennium.

Kramer and Newman move to the door to leave. Newman stops as Jerry speaks to
him, and Kramer exits to his apartment.

JERRY: By the way Newman, I'm just curious. When you booked the hotel, did you
book it for the millennium New Year?

NEWMAN: (smug) As a matter of fact, I did.

JERRY: Oh, that's interesting, because as everyone knows, since there was no
year zero, the millennium doesn't begin until the year two-thousand and one.
Which would make your party, one year late, and thus, quite lame.

Newman absorbs the logic of Jerry's argument. His face twitches as he realises
his error.

JERRY: Aww!

Newman makes a noise redolent of his frustration - a sort of half-strangulated
nasal squeak. He then waddles away after Kramer.

[Mrs Hamilton's Apartment]

Valerie and Mrs Hamilton sit on the couch. Mrs Hamilton looks nauseous.

MRS HAMILTON: I don't feel well at all. I feel all dried-out inside.

VALERIE: I'll call for help.

She picks up the phone and pushes a button marked 'Poison Control'.

[Mrs Hamilton's Apartment/Jerry's Apartment]

JERRY: Hello?

VALERIE: Who's this?

JERRY: It's Jerry. Who's this?

VALERIE: Uh, it's Valerie.

JERRY: Oh, hi Valerie. What's up?

VALERIE: I'll tell you what's up. My stepmother is violently ill, so I hit the
button for poison control and I get you!

JERRY: Wow, poison control? That's even higher than number one!

Valerie hangs up the phone.

JERRY: Hello?
Jerry's Apartment

George: ...pianist. A *classical* pianist. She *plays* the piano. She's a

*brilliant* woman. I-I-I sat in her living room... She played the

*Waldstein Sonata*! The *Waldstein*!

George: We did a crossword puzzle together, *in bed*. It was the most fun

I ever had in my entire life. Did you hear me? in my *life*!

Y'know?

Jerry enters

Jerry: Were you talking? I couldn't hear anything.

George: I was telling you about Noel.

Jerry: Oh, Noel! Yeah, the one who plays bongos...

George: [sarcastically] Heh heh heh... So side-splittingly funny...

Jerry: All right, I'm sorry. What about her?

George: What, you think I'm going to repeat the whole thing now?

Jerry: I know, you told me you like her, everything is going good.

George: No everything is *not* going good. I'm very uncomfortable. I have

no power. I mean, why should she have the upper hand. *Once* in

my life I would like the upper hand. I have no hand-- no hand at

all. She has the hand; I have *no* hand...

George: How do I get the hand?

Jerry: We all want the hand. Hand is tough to get. You gotta get the

hand right from the opening.

George: She's playing a recital this week at the McBierney School. You wanna hear her play? I got two extra tickets, you and Elaine could go...

Jerry: Yeah, that sounds like somethin'...

George: Then afterwards maybe we could all go out together. Y'know she'll

see me with my friends, she'll observe me as I really am, as myself.

Maybe I can get some hand that way.

Kramer enters

Kramer: Hey, smell my arm... Smell it!

George: With all due respect, I don't think so...

Jerry: That smells good, what is that?

Kramer: The *beach*!

Jerry: The *beach*?

George: What, did you go swimmin'? It's 29 degrees out!

Kramer: I just joined the Polar Bear Club.

Jerry: You joined the *Polar Bears*?!

George: What the Hell is a "Polar Bear"?

Kramer: Well, it's these people-- they go swimmin' in the winter. They're terrific, I just took my first swim today. Brrrrrrr! It's invigorating....

Jerry: Yeah... So's shock therapy.

Jerry: [with glee] What is that, a Pez dispenser?!

Kramer: Want one? Yeah, I just bought it at the Flea Market.

George: Hey, what goes on there, exactly?

Jerry: You don't know?

George: No, I-I-I know... [retreats back to his Chinese take out] I know...

Jerry: You think they have fleas there, don't you?

George: *No*...

Jerry: Yes you do, Biff. You've never been to a Flea Market, and you

think they have fleas there.

George: All right, I think they have fleas there. So what...

ElainElaine: I don't know how anyone does this. It must be *so* nerve racking...

How do they warm up their fingers?

Jerry: They have a piano backstage they warm up on.

ElainElaine: *No*, we would have heard it.

Jerry: What, do you think they just crack their knuckles and come out?

George: I told her we'd all go out afterwards, okay? And don't applaud

when she stops playing the first time. It's not over yet.

Jerry: [quickly whispering] I resent that you said that! That's

directed at *me*, isn't it?!

A very elegant Noel comes out and sits at her piano.

Jerry: Is this okay? Can I do this? (he claps)

% Noel begins. Dramatically. It's enough to make a man reach for his

% candy pooper. Jerry helps himself to a Pez, he stands Tweety up on Elaine's

% purse on her lap. Elaine valiantly tries to hold back her laughter,

% but it escalates from a giggle to a chortle to a chuckle to laughter

% to snorting. Noel is visibly shaken and she has difficulty playing

% with this anonymous distraction from one of the unwashed masses. Elaine

% removes herself from the auditorium, all the while snorting and gasping

% for breath, (we're talkin' full-on gales of laughter, here). Outside,

% she runs into an old acquaintance.

Steve: Something I said? [no response] It's John... Mollika.

ElainElaine: Oh, oh, *John*... Oh, hi John... Hi...

Steve: What're you doing down here?

ELAINE: Oh, I was just at this recital and Jerry put a Pez dispenser on my leg and I

started laughing.

MOLLIKA: Jerry's in there? I heard you guys broke up.

ELAINE: We did. We're just hanging out.

MOLLIKA: REally. ... You really look great.

ELAINE: Oh, uh, thank you. Are you still friends with Richie Appel?

MOLLIKA: Oh, Richie, he's been doing comedy in L. A. for a few years. He

just got back a month ago. He's kind of messed up. On drugs.

I don't know what to do for the guy.

ELAINE: Have you thought about an intervention?

MOLLIKA: What's that?

ELAINE: You get all his friends in a room, They confront himm to try to get

him into rehab. It's a very popular thing now.

MOLLIKA: He'd never listen to anyone. ... Except of course Jerry. He'd listen to

Jerry. Jerry would have to be involved. He really respects Jerry.

Cut to Jerry playing with Tweety Bird Pez dispenser.

Outside Noel's dressing room

ElainElaine: I'm sorry. George, I'm sorry!

George: What did you put the Pez dispenser on her leg for in the first

place?

Jerry: I dunno, it was an impulse.

George: What kind of a sick impulse does that??

Jerry: How could I know she would start to laugh?

ElainElaine: I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I *am*!

Jerry: Can we just go in already?

George: What are we gonna tell her?

ElainElaine: I'll tell her I was the one who laughed.

George: No, don't say a word. If she thinks my friends are jerks, then

I'm a *jerk*...

ElainElaine: [To Jerry] Oh, remind me to talk to you about something later.

Jerry: What about?

George: Hey, hey! We're discussing something!

Jerry: I know, but I'm distracted now.

George: What are you? A *baby*!? All right. Tell her.

E When I was outside I ran into John Mollika.

JERRY: Really John Mollika, they guy that used to bartend at the Comedy Club. How's he doing?

ELAINE: He's good.

George: Uh, can we cut to the chase?

Jerry: "Cut to the chase"?

George: Yeah...

Jerry: What're you, "Joe Hollywood"?

George: A lot of people say it.

Jerry: I would lose that.

George: [Accusingly] What's *that*?

Jerry: "Lose that"? That's not a Hollywood expression!

George: [Realizing full well it isn't] ...Yes it is.

ELAINE: Anyway ... So John told me that Richie is in town from

Los Angeles and he's really messed up on drugs. So I told

him that he should do an intervention.

JERRY: Really, an intervention ...

George: Y'know people, we got a situation over here!

ELAINE: Yeah, but he want's you to be a part of it.

JERRY: Me? Why me?

ELAINE: 'Cause Richie really respects you and he would listen to you.

Jerry: Y'know these things are *really* hard to load...

GEORGE: All right, OK, I'm goin' in.

JERRY: We've got to talk about this (to Elaine)

ELAINE: All right.

[They Enter]

GEORGE: Hi, hi, hi, You were wonderful.

NOEL: No..

GEORGE: Oh, these are my friends, Elaine and Jerry, ... Noel

Jerry: You play a *Hell* of a piano.

Elaine: Yeah, I was really moved, *really* moved.

NOEL: Well didn't you hear that person laughing? I couldn't play. I was

*humiliated...

Elaine: Well, I'm sure it wasn't *at* you.

Noel: Well then, what was she laughing at?

Jerry: Pez?

NOEL: Uh, no, No thank you. Did you see her?

GEORGE: Me, uh, uh, no, ...

JERRY: Anyone who would laugh at a recital is probably some sort of lunatic anyway. I mean only a sick twisted mind could be that rude and ignorant.

ELAINE: Maybe some mental defective put something stupid on her leg.

JERRY: Even if this so called mental defective did put something on her leg she's still the one who laughed.

NOEL: I'll never forget that laugh for the rest of my life. [exits]

ELAINE: I'm sure she would apologize if she could. Probably somebody is holding her back against every fibre in her being.

GEORGE: If she want's to continue to have a fibre of her being she'll be very careful (hitting each other)

[Noel enters]

GEORGE: All right, so are you ready, so we'll go out and get something to eat.

NOEL: I don't feel like it tonight.

JERRY: We'll be outside

ELAINE: Yeah

JERRY: It was nice meeting you By the way, How do you warm up your fingers before you play?

N: I just crack my knuckles.

GEORGE: We'll have a good time

N: I don't feel like it

GEORGE: Ah, come on

N: I said I DON'T FEEL LIKE IT!

GEORGE: Um, all right, um, uh, I'll call 'ya. I'll call you and we'll talk on the phone. A telephone communiqu. Every thing is fine ok, uh, fine, .. [exits]

[MONKS]

JERRY: You know I thing Kramer might have been responsible for getting Richie involved with drugs in the first place.

ELAINE: What? How?

JERRY: A few years ago the comedy club had a softball team. Kramer was our first baseman You couldn't get anything by him It was unbelievable.

Anyway this one game we came back to win from like 8 runs behind. So Kramer says to Richie why don't you dump the bucket of Gatorade on Marty Benson's head? The club owner. So Richie goes ahead and does it.

ELAINE: So? What happened?

JERRY: What happened? The guy was like 67 years old, it was freezing out, he caught a cold, got pneumonia,

and a month later he was dead.

ELAINE: Shut up!

JERRY: All the comedians were happy. He was one of these club owners nobodu liked anyway. But Richie was never the same.

ELAINE: Whar about Kramer?

JERRY: He's the same!

[Jerry on phone at home]

JERRY: Are you sure you want me John. I have spoken to Richie in two years. I don't have a good apartment for

an intervention. The furniture, it's very non-confrontational. All right All right. Goodbye.

[to Kramer] Remember Ricie Appel?

KRAMER: (looks shocked) Oh sure, the guy I told to pour the Gatorade that killed Marty Benson?

JERRY: Right, we'll John Mollika is organizing some kind of intervention for him. We're having it here.

KRAMER: Can I get in on that?

JERRY: What do you think? It's like a poker game?

KRAMER: Is Elaine going?

JERRY: Yeah

KRAMER: Well, I knew him as well as she did.

JERRY: Yeah, but John invited her.

KRAMER: So what are you saying, you don't want me to intervene?

JERRY: No, intervene, go intervene all you want. I am just afraid you might be interfering while we're intervening.

Buzzer

GEORGE: It's George

JERRY: Stop smelling your arm.

KRAMER: You know I got a great idea for a cologne. The Beach. You spray it on and you smell like you just

came home from the beach

JERRY: Hum, a cologne that smells like the beach. I can't believe I'm saying this, "That's not a bad idea."

KRAMER: Tell me about it!

JERRY: Why don't you call Steve D'Jiff, he works in the marketing department at Calvin Klein.

In fact he's a good friend of John Mollika and Richie also.

[George enters]

GEORGE: Well it's over. It's definitely over.

JERRY: She broke up with you?

GEORGE: No, but I can tell she's going to. I can sense it. We had this terrible phone conversation.

I was so nervous before I called I made up this whole list of things to talk about.

JERRY: What was on the list?

GEORGE: Let's see, How I'm very good at going in reverse in my car, why isn't Postum a more popular drink,

JERRY: Yeah, Postum is under-ratted,

GEORGE: Anyway there was all this tension. I asked her if she wanted to go out to dinner and she said

"no, maybe we could get together for lunch." You know what that means.

JERRY: What's wrong with lunch?

GEORGE: Lunch is fine at the beginning then you move on to dinner. you don't move back to lunch. It's like being demoted.

I'll never do another crossword puzzle with her again. I know it.

KRAMER: I like the Jumble You ever do the Jumble?

GEORGE: I have no power Do you understand? I need hand. I have no hand.

KRAMER: Break up with her

GEORGE: What?

KRAMER: You break up with her. You reverse everything that way.

JERRY: A preemptive breakup.

GEORGE: A preemptive breakup. This is an incredible idea. I got nothing to lose.

We either break up which she would do anyway but at least I go out with some

Dignity. Completely turn the tables. It's absolutely brilliant.

[MONKS]

GEORGE: So, I am have to going to break up with you.

NOEL: You're breaking up with me?

GEORGE: I, ... am breaking up with, ... you.

NOEL: Wow.

GEORGE: Shocked?

NOEL: I really am.

GEORGE: Never expected this did you?

NOEL: I thought everything was fine.

GEORGE: Well, live and learn.

NOEL: I don't understand. You're breaking up with me. Didn't we have fun doing the crossword puzzles?

GEORGE: Kind of.

NOEL: I'm very confused.

GEORGE: Well, I didn't mean to hurt you kid.

NOEL: I thought,...

GEORGE: Now, stop it ...

NOEL: What do you want, I can make you happy.

GEORGE: When you're playing the piano do you think about me?

NOEL: I don't know.

GEORGE: This is what I'm talking about.

NOEL: OK, I'll think about you.

GEORGE: All the time.

NOEL: All the time? ... OK, All the time.

GEORGE: I can't hear you.

NOEL: All the time. ALL THE TIME.

GEORGE: See, It's not so hard.

[CALVIN KLEIN]

KRAMER: Go ahead smell, smell

STEVE: Yeah, so?

KRAMER: Do you recognize it? ... The beach.

STEVE: What are you talking about?

KRAMER: Oh, I'm talking about the beach.

STEVE: What about it?

KRAMER: You know the way you smell when you first come home from the beach?

Well, I want to make a cologne that captures the essence of that smell.

Oh yeah.

STEVE: That is the dumbest idea I have ever heard.

KRAMER: Oh, wait, Did you here what I just said?

STEVE: Do you think people are going to pay $80 a bottle to smell like dead

fish and sea weed? That's why people take showers when the come

home from the beach. It's an objectionable offensive odour.

KRAMER: So you don't think it's a good idea?

The Intervention [NOTE: I may have confused the names of some of the male interveners below]

To Elaine

GUY: The membranes get dried and it just starts bleeding. Since I was a

kid so I have to stick tissue up there

ELAINE: (very uninterested) Uh, you have to work like that?

GUY: Nobody minds Nobody has ever said anything to me.

To Jerry

OTHER GUY: Are there any ice cubes?

JERRY: In the freezer.

OTHER GUY: I looked. There aren't any ice cubes.

JERRY: Well I guess there aren't any ice cubes.

OTHER GUY: I can't drink this. It's warm! (walks away)

Guy: Shouldn't we rehearse this a little bit before Richie comes?

Steve: What's the plan?

JERRY: Do I have to talk? I don't feel like talking.

OTHER GUY: Well, if he's not going to talk I'm not going to talk either.

GUY: No, we all have to talk.

ELAINE: What's the order?

GUY: We'll go in alphabetical order. First Roberta.

ROBERTA: Why am I first?

ELAINE: Albano is your last name.

ROBERTA: That's not my name any more. I'm divorced.

Steve: I'll go first.

Kramer enters

KRAMER: Hey.

JERRY: Hey.

KRAMER: Is this the interference?

JERRY: Intervention.

OTHER GUY: What are you doing here?

KRAMER: Uh, is it all right if I stay for the intervention?

Steve: Hey, this is for close friends only.

KRAMER: I'm a friend. Who do you think told him to pour the Gatorade

over Marty Benson's head?

OTHER GUY: Let him stay.

KRAMER: Hey, you know I got someone to make up that cologne for me, big mouth.

Steve: Somebody's going to make that crap?

Some old guys enter

Old Guy: Kramer!

KRAMER: Hey, come on, these are some of my polar bear buddies.

OTHER GUY: They can't stay.

Old Guy: We're having a party here?

JERRY: No, we're having an intervention

Old Guy: An intervention? Who's intervening?

JERRY: There's a friend of ours on drugs and we're going to confront him.

OLD GUY: Sure, we used to do that when one of our polar bears stopped

coming. We would go to his house and say, "What you don't want to be a

polar bear anymore? It's too cold for you?"

Buzzer

GUY: It's him.

Roberta: What should we do?

ELAINE: Hide!

JERRY: It's NOT a surprise party! Yeah (to intercom)

GEORGE: It's George

JERRY: Yeah, come on up. ... It's not him.

GUY: If you don't go out with me it's because I'm a bar tender.

ELAINE: Look, I don't think this is appropriate right now.

GUY: Is it because I have a tissue in my nose?

ELAINE: You're getting warm.

George and Noel enter (Noel looks awful)

GEORGE: We just came from Chadway's(?) What's going on.

JERRY: We're having the intervention for Richie.

GEORGE: Oh, right, right, the intervention. Should we leave?

JERRY: Well, uh..

NOEL: (happily) Elaine, hi.

ELAINE: Oh, hi Noel

(Noel sits on couch with Elaine with Old Guy between them)

JERRY: Well, you're looking well.

GEORGE: Jerry, let me tell you something, "A man without hand is not a man."

I got so much hand I'm coming out of my gloves. I got to thank Kramer.

Steve: Even if I were dragged through manure I still wouldn't put that stuff on.

GEORGE: (to Kramer) This man is a genius. Genius!

Steve: You think so?

GEORGE: I don't think so I know so, Kramer, come here I got to talk to you

Old Man: The male kangaroo doesn't have a pouch only the female has it. The male has pouch envy.

ELAINE: (Chuckles)

Old GUY; at least give me a pocket.

ELAINE: (laughs)

Noel turns to Elaine. Jerry raises his eyes to heaven

NOEL: That laugh. That's the laugh. That's it. You're the one.

ELAINE: No, no. It was an accident. It really wasn't my fault. It was Jerry.

Jerry put a Pez dispenser on my leg.

NOEL: You put a Pez dispenser on her leg during my recital?.

JERRY: I didn't know she would laugh.

NOEL: You lied to me George, you lied to me.

GEORGE: No, I, uh, um, wa, wa, What did I do? ... Where are you going?

NOEL: I ... am breaking up ... with you!

GEORGE: You can't break up with me. I've got hand.

NOEL: And you're going to need it.

Noel exits, George chases her

Richie and John enter

JERRY: Hey Richie

RICHIE: So what's going on?

Later

JERRY: It was pretty ugly from the get go. he's not listening, He's hostile, he's

talking back.

GEORGE: I can't do these puzzles.

JERRY: So he starts to get up He spots the Pez dispenser on the coffee table

GEORGE: Ah ah Pez dispenser.

JERRY: He picks it up - he stares at it - It's like he's hypnotized by it. Then he's

telling us this story about how when he was a kid he was in the car with his father, and

his father was trying to load one of them

GEORGE: Well they're hard to load.

JERRY: Tell me something I don't know. So as the father's trying to load it he loses control

of the car and it crashes into a high school cafeteria. Nobody's hurt but Pez is all

over the car. And the dispenser was destroyed virtually beyond recognition.

GEORGE: Poor kid.

JERRY: So as he's telling the story he starts crying.

GEORGE: What did you do?

JERRY: What do you think? I gave him my Pez dispenser.

GEORGE: Wow

JERRY: Two hours later he checks into Smither's clinic. I talked to the doctor yesterday.

He's doing great on the rehab. He's hooked on Pez. He's eating them like there's no tomorrow.

GEORGE: What's a three letter word for candy?

JERRY: I can't do those things.